**********************************************************************
                     "Read First" Release Notes
                          Microsoft Whistler
                                Beta 2
**********************************************************************

This document provides late-breaking or other information that
supplements the Whistler documentation. These notes support a
preliminary release of a software program that bears the project code
name Whistler.

Information in this document, including URL and other Internet Web
site references, is subject to change without notice and is provided
for informational purposes only. The entire risk of the use or results
of the use of this document remains with the user, and Microsoft
Corporation makes no warranties, either express or implied. Unless
otherwise noted, the example companies, organizations, products,
people and events depicted herein are fictitious and no association
with any real company, organization, product, person or event is
intended or should be inferred. Complying with all applicable
copyright laws is the responsibility of the user. Without limiting the
rights under copyright, no part of this document may be reproduced,
stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted in any
form or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording,
or otherwise), or for any purpose, without the express written
permission of Microsoft Corporation.

Microsoft may have patents, patent applications, trademarks,
copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject
matter in this document. Except as expressly provided in any written
license agreement from Microsoft, the furnishing of this document does
not give you any license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or
other intellectual property.

(c) 2001 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

Microsoft, Windows, Windows NT, and DirectX are either registered
trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States
and/or other countries.

The names of actual companies and products mentioned herein may be the
trademarks of their respective owners.

======================================================================
CONTENTS
======================================================================

1.0   How to Use This Document
2.0   Read Me First
3.0   Providing Feedback on Upgrades to Whistler Beta
4.0   System Requirements for Installation
5.0   Preinstallation Notes

======================================================================
1.0   How to Use This Document
======================================================================

To read Read1st.txt on the screen in Notepad, maximize the Notepad
window.

>>> To print Read1st.txt:

1. On the File menu, click Print.

2. In the Print dialog box, ensure that the settings are correct.

3. Click Print.

======================================================================
2.0   Read Me First
======================================================================

Welcome to the Whistler Beta 2 Release. This release expires 180 days 
from the date of installation.

Print and read this document for critical preinstallation information 
concerning this release. For the most up-to-date list of supported
hardware, see the Hardware Compatibility List at the Microsoft Web
site (http://www.microsoft.com/). 
In addition, print and read the following files located on your Beta 2
compact disc (CD):

   * Setup text files, located in the \Setuptxt folder on your
     Whistler Beta 2 CD. 

   * Readme Notes, opened by double-clicking the shortcut located on
     the Whistler desktop, for compatibility and post-installation
     information.

   * Featguid.doc, located in the Whistler CD root directory, for 
     information on new features in this release. 

New features are described in detail in Whistler Help and Support
Services. To open Help and Support Services, after completing Setup,
click Start, and then click Help and Support.

For the latest release notes and updates, be sure to visit the Windows
Beta Web site at:

http://windowsbeta.microsoft.com/

======================================================================
3.0   Providing Feedback on Upgrades to Whistler Beta 2
======================================================================

Thank you for participating in the beta test for Whistler. In order to
make your testing as productive as possible, we have compiled a few
guidelines on the scenarios Microsoft is most interested in receiving
feedback on and some known issues with certain upgrade scenarios.

The Whistler development team would like the most feedback on the
upgrade path from Windows 98, Windows 98 Second Edition, and Windows
Millennium Edition. Because Whistler is the first consumer version of
Windows based on Windows NT Technology, improving the upgrade
experience from those operating systems is crucial. In addition, you
should test clean installations. Upgrades from Windows 2000 are also
encouraged, but there are some scenarios that might have issues. 

======================================================================
4.0   System Requirements for Installation 
======================================================================

For the full list of system requirements, see the Setup text file
series for your operating system located in the \Setuptxt folder on
your Whistler CD.

======================================================================
5.0   Preinstallation Notes 
======================================================================

Before you install Whistler Beta 2 on your computer, be sure to read
this section. This section contains information about issues that
affect the installation process. By using this information to perform
your installation, you can ensure that the installation process
proceeds smoothly and that Whistler functions correctly.

5.1   Preinstallation Notes for Both 32-Bit and 64-Bit Editions
======================================================================

5.1.1   Whistler Product Keys: Important Instructions
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Product Keys

Product keys are required in the Beta 2 releases of Whistler Personal,
Whistler Professional, Whistler Server, and Whistler Advanced Server.
You must enter the product key during Setup to complete the
installation. This applies to all languages and versions available
through pre-release distribution programs, including both 32-bit and
64-bit versions. Product keys are 25-character alphanumeric strings
that are formatted in groups of five characters, separated by dashes.
It is very important that you manage your keys for Whistler Beta 2
carefully. Please read the details about this release later in this
section. 

Obtaining Product Keys

Product keys are distributed in various ways, depending on the
specific program. Technical beta testers must obtain keys from the
Windows Beta Web site by using their Beta ID and password. For more
information, see the Windows Beta Web site at:

http://windowsbeta.microsoft.com/

Other programs distribute keys directly with the installation media by
using stickers affixed to the media sleeve.

Key and Media Types

There is one single type of Product Key for Whistler Beta 2. At the
final release, Whistler will employ three primary key types: standard
keys, volume license keys, and OEM keys. There will be three
corresponding media types. Keys might also differ by platform
type (For example, Professional, Server, and so on).

Importance of Careful Key Management

You must take great care of your Product Keys for Whistler Beta 2. In
particular, you must use only the assigned keys for your media. If you
attempt to use keys from other products, beta programs, or the wrong
media type, your installation will fail. If you attempt to use an
incorrect product key, you might not be aware that installation failed
until after Setup is complete and you attempt to start your computer.
(This issue will be addressed when the final released versions of keys
are implemented.)

What is Windows Product Activation?

Windows Product Activation (WPA) is new for Whistler Beta 2 and is
described later in this section. It imposes additional constraints on
the use of Product Keys. In particular, each Product Key can only be
used to install a certain number of unique computers (the actual
number depends on the pre-release distribution program with which you
are participating). If you have received more than one Product Key
through your program, it is essential that you keep track of which
Product Key you use to install each Whistler operating system. 

Automating Product Key Entry

You can automate the installation of Product Keys through the use of
the ProductKey parameter in your unattend files. ProductKey is a new
name for the ProductID parameter that was supported in Windows 2000.
ProductKey functions identically to ProductID parameter. Please refer
to the unattend documentation for further information. When upgrading
Whistler using winnt32 /unattend, Whistler beta versions attempt to
use a previous Product Key if the computer you are upgrading from had
one installed already. This speeds up upgrades from older interim
versions (starting with Build 2428) to Beta 2 and subsequently to
later interim versions (or even re-installing the same version).
However, if you are upgrading from Build 2428 or earlier of the
operating system, you should take care to not install using
winnt32 /unattend in order to prevent possible key conflicts. 

Scripting Product Key Changes

It is not possible to script re-entry of Product Keys in Whistler
Beta 2. A new Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) provider will
be implemented in a later release. This provider will permit changing
a computer's Product Key through scripting interfaces.

Windows Product Activation

Whistler Beta 2 includes a new feature called Windows Product
Activation (WPA). WPA requires that you activate your product with
Microsoft within 14 days of initial installation. This activation
grace period, which will change to 30 days for the released product,
was chosen to enable us to thoroughly test the WPA feature during the
pre-release or Beta program. Activation, which is mandatory, is
anonymous. It couples the owner's Product Key with a computer hardware
ID that is non-unique and cannot be traced back to a given computer.
Activation is not the same as registration, nor does it require
registration. Registration refers to the voluntary provision of
customer information to Microsoft. Activation is implemented on all
32-bit platforms for standard media. It is required for all language
versions of Whistler. This excludes Volume and OEM media types.

Activating a Computer

Activation is required for each individual computer on which Whistler
Beta 2 is installed. Computers can be activated either online by using
an Internet connection, or manually, by telephoning a Microsoft
product activation call center. Call centers will be available
internationally for Whistler Beta 2, but they will only be available
during regional business hours until final product release The final
list of phone numbers, countries with toll free phone numbers, and
operating hours is still being completed. Call center availability
will be expanded significantly for the final product release.

For most installations, you will be asked to activate (and optionally
register) your system through the Setup program (full screen out-o
f-box experience (OOBE)). You can choose to defer activation until a
later time. In some cases, for example, if your video does not support
at least 800x600 modes, you will not see the initial activation
screens and deferral will be automatic. Server installations will also
automatically defer activation, since they do not utilize full screen
OOBE. If activation is deferred for any reason, you can activate at
any time. You must have local administrator privileges to activate. 

To activate, click Start, and then click Activate Windows. Or, if you
can't find it there for any reason, click Start, point to Programs,
point to Accessories, point to System Tools, and then click Activate
Windows. You can also start activation while logging on to your
computer or through the notification (balloon) reminders, which become
more frequent the closer you get to expiration date. Online activation
(and registration, if selected) uses standard HTTPS to gain access to
the Internet. As long as the user account is able to browse to secure
Web sites (For example, home banking Web sites), then you can activate
the computer. 

>>> To complete activation, you must do one of the following:

   * Use your Internet connection such as a LAN network 
     connection or an Internet connection through an Internet Service 
     Provider, or
   * Use a modem that can connect to the Internet, or
   * Call a Microsoft product activation call center.

Activating Through a Proxy

If the computer you are trying to activate is on a network that uses a
proxy server to get to the Internet, and if your network implements
the Web Proxy Auto-Discovery (WPAD) protocols (used to detect proxy
settings automatically), you should be able to activate without
additional configuration. Otherwise, activation during the initial
Setup OOBE is deferred and you must configure the proxy settings in
Internet Explorer or through Control Panel. Since proxy settings are
set per user, be sure to do this using the same logged-on
account (with administrative privileges) that you will use to
activate. If your activation grace period expires before you set the
proxy on a local administrator account, you will need to start your
computer in non-networked safe mode in order to set up the proxy. You
will not be able to activate until you restart your system. You must
then log on as an administrator in order to activate.

Automating Activation

You can automate activation by using the AutoActivate parameter in
your unattend files. You can also set proxy settings for activation by
using the ActivateProxy parameter. Please refer to the unattend
documentation for further information. 

Image Deployment

The Sysprep tool has been enhanced to support activation rollback up
to three times. This is designed to deploy imaged systems using
standard media. You must still enter a unique Product Key for each
cloned image. You should create your master image as usual. Do not
activate this master system. After you have run Sysprep.exe and the
system shuts down, you can image the hard drive as needed at any
future time. This process can be repeated on multiple times, as long
as cumulative rollbacks do not exceed the limit listed earlier.

Scripting Activation

Activation scripting is not available in Whistler Beta 2. It will be
provided through WMI provider methods in a later release. By using
WMI, you can query various activation-related properties and then
activate by using both online and offline methods.

5.1.2   Windows Management Instrumentation Command Line Tool
----------------------------------------------------------------------

On computers running Whistler Professional, Whistler Server, Whistler
Advanced Server, or Whistler Datacenter Server, the Windows Management
Instrumentation (WMI) command line tool installs when you initially
start WMI command line tool by compiling the Managed Object Format
(MOF) alias files. The installation might take approximately one
minute. Approximately 10 MB of free hard disk memory is required for
the installation. Your computer should function correctly with the WMI
command line tool installed. This issue will be addressed in a future
release.

5.1.3   Text-Mode Setup
----------------------------------------------------------------------

On all versions of Whistler, if you choose to repair an existing
Whistler installation when running Setup from the Whistler CD, you
will be prompted for the normal Setup questions instead of going
through the process unattended. This issue will be addressed in a
future release.

5.1.4   Text-Mode Setup - Dynamic Disk Information
----------------------------------------------------------------------

When you have a mix of basic and dynamic disks on a computer where you
are installing Whistler, the text-mode partitioning options screen can
misrepresent free space and type of partition. In particular, areas of
free space on the drive might be shown as partitioned dynamic disks
and dynamic disks might not show accurate amounts of available free
space. This issue will be addressed in a future release.

5.1.5   Setup - Installing Multiple Identical Disks
----------------------------------------------------------------------

If you attempt to install any version of Whistler on a computer with
multiple identical hard drives, Setup might not differentiate between
them and Setup fails. The message displayed is: "Setup either detected
multiple disks in your machine that are indistinguishable or detected
raw disk(s)." To work around this issue, remove one of the drives
using the BIOS or physically remove the disk from the system to allow
setup to continue. This issue will be addressed in a future release.

5.1.6   Setup/Upgrade: NetWare Client
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The Setupdll.dll code was removed from Whistler Professional, Whistler
Server, Whistler Advanced Server, and Whistler Datacenter Server. As a
result, the NetWare client no longer runs. There is no workaround for
this issue at this time.

5.1.7   Dynamic Update
----------------------------------------------------------------------

For Whistler Personal, Whistler Professional, Whistler Server, and
Whistler Advanced Server, Setup contains a new feature known as
Dynamic Update, which can be used to download updated drivers and
files needed for Setup. In order to determine the appropriate files
needed for your computer, Dynamic Update collects anonymous
information about your computer's current hardware devices. The
information collected does not include any personally identifiable
information and will not be used for any purpose other than to request
that update files are sent to your computer. This information will not
be permanently stored. 

As part of an ongoing effort to improve the Dynamic Update process,
the aggregate information about the success and failures of Dynamic
Update installations is stored by Microsoft and used to evaluate and
improve the effectiveness of our Dynamic Update services. As part of
Microsoft's ongoing commitment to privacy and confidentiality
policies, none of this logged statistical data will contain any
information that can identify you or is in any way traceable to you or
your computer.

5.2   Preinstallation Notes for 32-Bit Editions of Whistler Only
======================================================================

5.2.1   Windows Millennium Edition Upgrade
----------------------------------------------------------------------

After you upgrade from Windows Millennium Edition to Whistler Personal
or Whistler Professional, any files originally stored in the My
Pictures folder are moved to the folder C:\My Documents\My Pictures.
As a result, the My Pictures link in the Start menu might not function
correctly. No data loss occurs. You can gain access to your folders by
navigating to C:\My Documents\My Pictures. This issue will be
addressed in a future release.

5.2.2   Product Activation
----------------------------------------------------------------------

On all versions of Whistler, if the registry does not contain a
ProductID key in the registry key 

HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Microsoft\WindowsNT\CurrentVersion

then Windows Product Activation does not successfully activate the
product. This issue will be addressed in a future release.

Caution: Incorrectly editing the registry may severely damage your
system. Before making changes to the registry, you should back up any
valued data on the computer.

5.2.3   Dynamic Update - Drivers in Subdirectories
----------------------------------------------------------------------

On all versions of Whistler, if drivers are posted on a corporate
Windows Update site in subdirectories, Dynamic Update does not
enumerate these drivers and does not install them on the client
system. To work around this issue, place all of the drivers in the
root directory.

5.2.4   Upgrading to Whistler with DirectX 8.0 or 8.0a Installed
----------------------------------------------------------------------

The following warning message appears during Setup when upgrading to
any version of Whistler with DirectX 8.0 or DirectX 8.0a previously
installed: "To Maintain compatibility with your DirectX 8.0
application, you will need to download the DirectX 8.0 updated for
Windows 2000." To work around this issue, ignore the message and click
OK. Setup will continue normally. This issue will be addressed in a
future release.

5.2.5   Hardware Drive Letter Mappings
----------------------------------------------------------------------

On computers running Whistler Personal, Whistler Professional, or
Whistler Server, user-defined drive letter mappings for removable
media devices such as CD-ROM, CD-RW, Zip, Jazz, and so on, might be
changed back to their original drive letters when upgrading from
Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows 98 Special Edition, or Windows
Millennium Edition. Applications which look for the previously defined
drive letter assignments can encounter difficulties in locating the
removable media. To work around this issue, the drive letter mapping
can be changed by using the Disk Management snap-in. This issue will
be addressed in a future release.

>>> To work around this issue:

1. In Control Panel, double-click Administrative Tools.

2. Double-click Computer Management.

3. In the details pane, double-click Storage.

4. Double-click Disk Management.

5. To change the drive letter, right-click the drive needing to be 
   changed, and then click Change Drive Letter and Paths. Click the 
   new drive letter, then click OK.

5.2.6   Upgrading from Japanese Versions of Windows
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Before upgrading from versions of Windows 98, Windows 98 Second
Edition, or Windows Millennium Edition localized for Japan that have
Office XP installed to any version of Whistler, first uninstall the
Office Japanese IME. Do this by using Add/Remove Application in Office
XP. Failure to do this will prevent Whistler from starting after
Setup. This issue will be addressed in a future release.

5.2.7   Volume Management
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Whistler does not support Windows NT 4.0 Ftdisk volume sets. If you
are running Windows 2000, you must convert all Ftdisk volume sets to
dynamic volumes before upgrading. If you are running Windows NT 4.0,
you should break any mirrors and back up all data on stripe, RAID5, or
extended volume sets before upgrading. Ftdisk sets might not be
accessible after the upgrade.

5.2.8   Upgrading from Windows NT 4.0 to Whistler
----------------------------------------------------------------------

If you upgrade a computer with a Diamond Monster Sound MX400 card and
ESS Technology Canyon3D chip set from Windows NT 4.0 to Whistler
Personal or Whistler Professional, the audio does not function
correctly after the upgrade.

5.2.9   Host Integration Server 2000
----------------------------------------------------------------------

If you upgrade a computer running Windows NT 4.0 Service Pack 6 or
earlier to Whistler Server or Whistler Advanced Server with Host
Integration Server (HIS) 2000 installed, the computer might stop
responding. To work around this issue, change the SNAbase service to
manual before you perform the upgrade.

>>> To change the SNAbase service and then perform the upgrade:

1. Change the SNAbase service to manual.

2. Stop the service.


3. Upgrade to Whistler, and then manually restart the SNAbase service.

If you are in the process of upgrading to Whistler and HIS 2000 is
installed, the computer might stop responding on the final restart. To
work around this issue, start in Safe Mode with Networking and change
the SNAbase service to manual.

>>> To start in Safe Mode with Networking and change the SNAbase
service:

1. After the computer stops responding on the final restart, restart
   the computer in Safe Mode with Networking.

2. Change the SNAbase service to manual, stop the service, and then
   restart the computer. The computer starts up normally with
   SNAbase stopped.

3. SNAbase can then be restarted in Services.msc.

5.2.10   Acer TravelMate 350 Computers
----------------------------------------------------------------------

On Acer TravelMate 350 computers running Whistler Personal or Whistler
Professional, Setup stops responding after the first restart in tex
t-mode Setup. There are no workarounds. This issue will be addressed
in a future release.

5.2.11   Toshiba Portege 34xx-series Laptops
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Whistler Personal and Whistler Professional do not successfully
complete clean installations on Toshiba Portege 34xx-series laptops
due to a second integrated drive electronics (IDE) controller issue.
To work around this issue, migrate from the original equipment
manufacturer preloaded factory recovery image.

5.3   Preinstallation Notes for 64-Bit Editions of Whistler Only
======================================================================

5.3.1   Converting Master Boot Record Disks to GUID Partition Table
  Disks
----------------------------------------------------------------------

On computers running Whistler Professional, Whistler Advanced Server,
or Whistler Datacenter Server, the master boot record (MBR) Extensible
Firmware Interface (EFI) System Partition and operating system
installation partition are not supported. Whistler Itanium-based
operating systems require globally unique identifier (GUID) partition
table (GPT) disks and cannot install on or start from MBR disks.
Computers must have GPT partitions in order to support the version of
Boot Manager that is included in the Whistler Beta 2 release. If your
system disk is not a GPT disk, it must be converted to a GPT disk
before installing Whistler Itanium-based operating systems. Although
earlier beta versions of Whistler Itanium-based operating systems
included workarounds while the hardware, firmware, and operating
systems were being designed, MBR disks must now be converted to GPT
disks for Whistler Beta 2. This issue will not be addressed in a
future release.

GPT disks have many advantages compared to MBR disks such as:
   * Redundant partition tables
   * Ability to creating partitions up to 18 exabytes in size
   * Defined partition scheme for storing specific data

For additional information about GPT disks, see the Microsoft Windows
"Whistler" and GPT: Frequently Asked Questions Web site at:

http://www.microsoft.com/hwdev/storage/Whistler-GPT_FAQ.htm

To add GPT partitions, a clean installation must be made by installing
from the Whistler Beta 2 CD. First, however, you need to determine
whether the system has already been upgraded to GPT disks.

>>> To determine if your system has been upgraded to GPT disks:

1. Right-click My Computer, and then click Manage (Click 64-bit 
   snap-ins if you are given the option).

2. Click Disk Management.

3. Right-click Disk 0, and then click Properties.

4. On the Volumes tab, if the Partition style entry lists a GPT disk, 
   the system has been upgraded. If it lists an MBR disk, the disk 
   must be completely repartitioned and the operating system must be 
   set up again.

If you need to repartition the disk, before you start, complete the
following procedure.

>>> To prepare to repartition your disk:

1. Move all data to another system or storage device.

2. Obtain a copy of the Whistler Beta 2 CD. To repartition the disk, 
   you must perform a clean installation by using the Whistler Beta 2 
   CD.

Important: The following steps are a sample procedure for
repartitioning the disk and installing the operating system. The
actual procedure might differ depending on the type of computer.

>>> To repartition your disk: 

1. Restart the computer and stop the startup process at the EFI shell.
   
   To stop the system at the EFI shell, press any key while the 
   following message is displayed on the screen: "Will launch... 
   \os\winnt50\ia64ldr.efi. Press any key to abort autoload." This 
   causes the system to stop at the prompt Shell>.

2. At the prompt, type:

   MAP

   This locates the CD-ROM file system designator, fsx, where 'x' is a
   
   number associated with a hard drive on your system.

3. The device descriptions for the disk devices in your system appear.
   
   The fsx entry looks like the following example:

   fs1: VenHw(Unknown Device:FF)/CDROM(Entry 1)

   The CD-ROM drive is normally fs1. However, the number can vary if 
   other drives exist on the system with EFI mountable partitions such
   
   as another EFI System Partition (ESP).

4. In the CD-ROM box, type:

   FSX

   where 'X' is replaced with the number as noted in the Step 3. The 
   prompt changes to reflect the new selection. In the previous 
   example, the prompt changes to:

   fs1:\>

5. Start the text setup mode and delete any partitions on Disk 0. At 
   the fs1:\> prompt, type:

   SETUPLDR

6. Follow the instructions that appear. At the partition selection 
   prompt, delete all of the partitions on Disk 0.

7. Change the disk style. After the partitions have been deleted, an 
   additional choice is offered for how to prepare a disk for Whistler
   
   installation. To change the disk style, type:

   S

8. When Setup indicates that an EFI System Partition is needed, you 
   can choose to create one. To create the EFI System Partition, at 
   the prompt, type:

   Y

9. Create any additional partitions. After a short delay 
   (approximately 30 seconds), the system creates both the EFI System 
   Partition, which is approximately 100 MB, and the Microsoft 
   Reserved Partition (MSR), which is approximately 31 MB.

   After these partitions are created, you can set up any additional 
   partitions, including multiple partitions to support multiple 
   operating system installations.

Important: Do not delete the 100-MB EFI System Partition and the 31-MB
MSR partitions that text-mode Setup automatically creates. The EFI
System Partition is displayed as "Partition1 [FAT] 102 MB (101 MB
free)." The MSR partition is displayed as "Partition2 [Unknown] 31 MB
(0 MB free)."

Note: To support multiple installations, create multiple data
partitions in text-mode Setup. When these steps are completed,
continue through the normal setup procedures.

5.3.2   EFI Boot Manager Support
----------------------------------------------------------------------

EFI Boot Manager supports upgrades (as long as you are running with
GPT disks and do not revert to non-Boot Manager startup) or clean
installations to Whistler Professional, Whistler Advanced Server, or
Whistler Datacenter Server. You can use your existing installation as
a safe version and can gain access to it by using the previously
established start (boot) method if you choose. In order to do this,
you MUST make a backup of your current Boot.nvr. To do this, before
performing an installation of Whistler Professional, Whistler Advanced
Server, or Whistler Datacenter Server, stop at the EFI shell and copy
the file to a backup. Once you have your Boot.nvr file backed up, you
can perform a clean installation by using Setup. If you do not make a
backup of Boot.nvr, perform an upgrade when prompted by Setup and when
Boot Manager support is provided.

Important: You MUST be running GPT EFI system and operating system
disk partitions in order to install Whistler Beta 2. For information
about converting your system to GPT disks, see "Converting Master Boot
Record Disks to GUID Partition Table Disks" earlier in this document.

When your computer restarts after completing Setup, a new Boot menu
item appears in the displayed list. Previously, the computer would
have switched to the EFI shell. Because this is a new installation, it
appears first in the list of options for restarting. Enter the default
instance of the operating system. Since you can no longer manipulate
the debugger options and other Boot.nvr variables, a tool is included
that helps you modify the non-volatile random access memory (NVRAM)
entries. The EFI utility tool, Nvrboot.efi, is located in the EFI
System Partition in the MSutils subdirectory. In addition to
manipulating the start order and the items that appear in the Boot
Manager menu, you can use this tool to import and export the entire
NVRAM. If NVRAM becomes damaged, this EFI utility tool is very useful.
We strongly recommend running this tool before making significant
changes to your NVRAM variables.

Important: Once all of your start options are stored in NVRAM, you
cannot program the start options back into NVRAM without an existing
backup of the NVRAM. The operating system makes a backup of each
instance of the operating system that is installed. You will not be
able to restore other entries that are damaged unless you have made a
backup of the NVRAM.

Important: Do not perform any firmware updates on Intel Itanium
Workstation SDVs running current versions of the firmware (89b) unless
you have made a backup of the NVRAM data. There is currently a bug in
the flash routines that deletes all of the NVRAM entries. This issue
will be addressed in a future release of the firmware.

If you made a backup of your Boot.nvr file prior to installing
Whistler Beta 2, you can gain access to it by using the following
procedure.

>>> To access Boot.nvr:

1. You must copy the backup you made, Boot.xxx, to Boot.nvr, where 
   'xxx' is the extension the user defined when making the backup. 
   (During the installation of the version that includes NVRAM,
   changes were made that need to be undone.)

2. Once you have copied Boot.xxx back to Boot.nvr, you can start your 
   existing installation by choosing the EFI shell at the Boot Manager
   
   prompt while the computer is starting.

If you performed an upgrade, your computer accesses all of its
operating system start options through the Boot Manager. Additional
clean installations appear in the Boot Manager. You no longer can gain
access to the EFI shell to start an operating system. You also no
longer need to manipulate Boot.nvr to support multi-boot scenarios.
These issues will not be addressed in a future release.

5.3.3   Firmware Versions Used in Testing
----------------------------------------------------------------------

If you experience difficulties installing Whistler Professional,
Whistler Advanced Server, or Whistler Datacenter Server, revert to the
following firmware versions to determine whether the newer version of
the firmware is the source of the difficulty:
 
   * For Whistler Professional, Whistler Advanced Server, and Whistler
     Datacenter Server, testing was done on the Intel Software 
     Development Vehicle (SDV) 1p workstation, 2p workstation, and 4p 
     server systems running Intel firmware Build 89b. 

   * Testing was done on the SDV 4p server alpha/beta systems running 
     Intel firmware Build 71. 

During the testing of these firmware versions, the following issues
were discovered:
   
   * The computer might stop responding if you perform a full format. 
     To work around this issue, use Quick Format to format the GUID 
     partition table (GPT) disks.

   * After making changes to Boot Manager entries by using Nvrboot.efi
     
     while in the EFI shell, the changes are not displayed on the EFI 
     Boot Manager screen if you exit the EFI shell. To work around 
     this issue, once you manipulate Boot Manager entries, you must 
     restart your system.

   * After upgrading the flash memory (also known as "flashing" the 
     firmware) for this version of firmware to the Workstation SDV, 
     the non-volatile random access memory entries are cleared. This 
     includes entries for the EFI Boot Manager. You must back up your 
     Boot Manager entries before upgrading the flash memory for the 
     firmware.

Note: This is a partial list of potential firmware issues you might
encounter while installing Whistler Itanium-based operating systems.
You might encounter other issues.

These issues will be addressed in a future release.

5.3.4   GUID Partition Table Disks
----------------------------------------------------------------------

Whistler Professional, Whistler Advanced Server, and Whistler
Datacenter Server support the use of globally unique identifier (GUID)
partition table (GPT) disks. The Whistler Setup Wizard, during a clean
installation, automatically creates all the required partitions (EFI
System Partition), Microsoft Reserved (MSR) partition, and basic data
partition) using a GPT scheme. This issue will not be addressed in a
future release.

>>> To use GPT disks with the partitioning scheme created
automatically during the setup process:

1. Make sure the disks in your computer do not have any partitions.

2. Insert the Whistler Setup CD in the CD-ROM drive.

3. The installation program proceeds to the Setup Welcome page and 
   displays the message, "Press any key to boot from CD."

4. Press any key, and the Setup Wizard starts.

5. Follow the instructions that appear.

Important: To fully implement GPT support, you must be running the
versions of the firmware listed in "Firmware Versions Used in Testing"
earlier in this document.


