;
; fax binaries
;

confdent.cov            retail
faxpatch.exe            retail
fxsadmin.dll            retail
fxsadmin.msc            retail
fxsclnt.inf             retail
fxscom.dll              retail
fxscomex.dll            retail
fxscount.h              retail
faxreg.h                retail
fxsapip.h               retail
fxscover.exe            retail
fxsdrv16.drv            retail
fxsdrv.dll              retail
fxsdrv4.dll             retail
fxsevent.dll            retail
fxsext.ecf              retail
fxsmon.dll              retail
fxsocm.dll              retail
fxsocm.inf              retail
fxsperf.dll             retail
fxsperf.ini             retail
fxsroute.dll            retail
fxssend.exe             retail
fxssvc.exe              retail
fxst30.dll              retail
fxstiff.dll             retail
fxsst.dll               retail
fxsui.dll               retail
fyi.cov                 retail
generic.cov             retail
layout.exe              retail
urgent.cov              retail
fxsserv.msc             retail
fxsptprt.dll            retail
fxsprint.inf            retail
fxswzrd.dll             retail
fxscfgwz.dll            retail
fxsxp32.dll             retail
fxsext32.dll            retail
fxsapi.dll              retail
fxsdrv32.dll            retail
unidrv.dll              retail
ICONLIB.DLL             retail
unidrv.hlp              retail
CLNTCUSA.dll            retail
CLNTCUSU.dll            retail
FxsRtExt.dll            retail
FxsRtMtd.dll            retail
fxsres.dll              retail
FxsClnt.exe             retail
FxsClntR.dll            retail:..\clients\WIN9X
FXST30P.dll             retail
winfax.dll              retail
setup.exe		retail

;
; Help files
;
fxscover.chm            help
fxsshare.chm            help
fxs_art.chm             help
fxsadmin.chm            help
fxsadmin.hlp            help
fxsclnt.chm             help
fxsclnt.hlp             help
;
; Public headers
;
WINFAX.H                sdk
FAXDEV.H                sdk
FAXMMC.H                sdk
FAXEXT.H                sdk
FAXROUTE.H              sdk
FAXCOM.H                sdk
FAXCOM_I.C              sdk
FAXCOMEX.H              sdk
FAXCOMEX_I.C            sdk
FaxControl.h            sdk
FaxControl_i.c          sdk
;
; Private headers
;
FXSAPIP.H               sdk\internal
;
; Public libs
;
WINFAX.LIB              sdk
;
; Private libs
;
FXSAPI.LIB              sdk\internal
;

; test binaries
faxrcv.dll              dump
faxvrfy.exe             dump
faxvrfy.cnt             dump
faxvrfy.hlp             dump
faxvrfy.ini             dump
faxbvt.tif              dump
faxwhql.tif             dump

;
; Install Script
;
Setup.cmd                ..\setup
ChkDbg.exe               ..\setup
faxoc.inf                ..\setup
FaxOff.reg               ..\setup
install.inf              ..\setup
uninstall.inf            ..\setup
