# placefil.txt prototype for modem INF's
# Last update 10/20/98 JimSp
# Keep everything alphabetized for easy maintenance.
# Copy complete below and insert/replace the proper chunk in placefil.txt

#Drivers
# Verify placfil.txt has these entries in proper placement.

3cisaadi.sys	 retail
3cpxiadi.sys	 retail
3cwmcru.sys	 retail
hcf_msft.sys     retail
ltcpq5.sys	 retail
ltmdmnt.sys	 retail
ltmdmntt.sys	 retail
ltmodem5.sys	 retail
winacisa.sys	 retail
winmodem.sys	 retail

#INFs
# Copy complete below and insert/replace the proper chunk in placefil.txt

mdm3cisa.inf     retail
mdm3com.inf      retail
mdm3cpcm.inf     retail
mdm3cusb.inf     retail
mdm3x.inf        retail
mdm_rint.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmaceex.inf     retail
mdmadc.inf       retail
mdmairte.inf     retail
mdmaiwa.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmaiwa2.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmaiwa3.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmaiwat.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmalex.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmar1.inf       retail
mdmarch.inf      retail
mdmarcht.inf     retail
mdmarn.inf       retail
mdmati.inf       retail
mdmatkk.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmatt.inf       retail
mdmaus.inf       retail
mdmblatz.inf     retail
mdmboca.inf      retail
mdmbsb.inf       retail
mdmbsch.inf      retail
mdmbug.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmbug3.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmcm28.inf      retail
mdmcmcm.inf      retail
mdmcodex.inf     retail
mdmcom1.inf      retail
mdmcomm1.inf     retail
mdmcommu.inf     retail
mdmcomz.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmcpi.inf       retail
mdmcpq.inf       retail
mdmcpv.inf       retail
mdmcrtix.inf     retail
mdmctm1.inf      retail
mdmdcm2.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmdcm5.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmdefd.inf      retail
mdmdgitn.inf     retail
mdmdicom.inf     retail
mdmdigi.inf      retail
mdmdisco.inf     retail
mdmdp2.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmdsi.inf       retail
mdmdyna.inf      retail
mdmeiger.inf     retail
mdmelink.inf     retail
mdmelpro.inf     retail
mdmelsa.inf      retail
mdmeric.inf      retail
mdmeric2.inf     retail
mdmetech.inf     retail
mdmexp.inf       retail
mdmeyp.inf       retail
mdmfj.inf        retail ;JPN
mdmfj1.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmfj2.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmfjta1.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmgal.inf       retail
mdmgatew.inf     retail
mdmgcs.inf       retail
mdmgen.inf       retail
mdmgl001.inf     retail
mdmgl002.inf     retail
mdmgl003.inf     retail
mdmgl004.inf     retail
mdmgl005.inf     retail
mdmgl006.inf     retail
mdmgl007.inf     retail
mdmgl008.inf     retail
mdmgsm.inf       retail
mdmgv.inf        retail
mdmgvc.inf       retail
mdmhaeu.inf      retail
mdmhaeus.inf     retail
mdmhandy.inf     retail
mdmhay2.inf      retail
mdmhayes.inf     retail
mdmhcom1.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmhucom.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmibmj.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmico.inf       retail
mdminfot.inf     retail
mdminst.dll      retail
mdminsys.inf     retail
mdmintel.inf     retail
mdmintpc.inf     retail
mdmiodat.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmiodt2.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmisdn.inf      retail
mdmitex.inf      retail
mdmke.inf        retail
mdmkortx.inf     retail
mdmlasat.inf     retail
mdmlasno.inf     retail
mdmlce.inf       retail
mdmlight.inf     retail
mdmlngsh.inf     retail
mdmlt3.inf       retail
mdmmart.inf      retail
mdmmc144.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmmc24.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmmcom.inf      retail
mdmmega.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmmega2.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmmetri.inf     retail
mdmmhrtz.inf     retail
mdmmhza.inf      retail
mdmmhzel.inf     retail
mdmmhzk1.inf     retail
mdmmid.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmmix.inf       retail
mdmmn128.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmmod.inf       retail
mdmmoto.inf      retail
mdmmoto1.inf     retail
mdmmoton.inf     retail
mdmmotou.inf     retail
mdmmrit.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmmrl.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmmsint.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmmsoki.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmmspan.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmmtd.inf       retail
mdmmts.inf       retail
mdmmulog.inf     retail
mdmnec.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmnec98.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmnecom.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmnect2.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmnecta.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmneuhs.inf     retail
mdmnis.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmnj15.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmnj16.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmnokia.inf     retail
mdmnokno.inf     retail
mdmnova.inf      retail
mdmnovfx.inf     retail
mdmnttp.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmnttte.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmoki.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmoki2.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmokipl.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmokita.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmolic.inf      retail
mdmolive.inf     retail
mdmomrn2.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmomron.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmopt1.inf      retail
mdmoptn.inf      retail
mdmosi.inf       retail
mdmpace.inf      retail
mdmpana.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmpbit.inf      retail
mdmpenr.inf      retail
mdmphils.inf     retail
mdmpn1.inf       retail
mdmpnb.inf       retail
mdmpp.inf        retail
mdmprodm.inf     retail
mdmpsion.inf     retail
mdmracal.inf     retail
mdmrex.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmrfi.inf       retail
mdmrisa.inf      retail
mdmrock.inf      retail
mdmrock2.inf     retail
mdmrock3.inf     retail
mdmrock4.inf     retail
mdmrock5.inf     retail
mdmrpci.inf      retail
mdmsecdy.inf     retail
mdmsetup.inf     retail
mdmshrup.dll     winnt32\winntupg\ms\modemshr
mdmsier.inf      retail
mdmsimpl.inf     retail
mdmsmart.inf     retail
mdmsnit1.inf     retail
mdmsnitn.inf     retail
mdmsonix.inf     retail
mdmsony.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmsonyu.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmspec.inf      retail
mdmspq28.inf     retail
mdmsrt.inf       retail
mdmsun.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmsun1.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmsupr3.inf     retail
mdmsupra.inf     retail
mdmsuprv.inf     retail
mdmtaicm.inf     retail
mdmtdk.inf       retail
mdmtdkj.inf      retail ;JPN
mdmtdkj2.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmte2.inf       retail ;JPN
mdmtelbt.inf     retail
mdmtelin.inf     retail
mdmtelnk.inf     retail
mdmtexas.inf     retail
mdmtger.inf      retail
mdmti.inf        retail
mdmtkr.inf       retail
mdmtorn.inf      retail
mdmtosh.inf      retail
mdmtoshi.inf     retail ;JPN
mdmtripl.inf     retail
mdmtron.inf      retail
mdmtrust.inf     retail
mdmucom.inf      retail
mdmusrcr.inf     retail
mdmusrf.inf      retail
mdmusrg.inf      retail
mdmusrk1.inf     retail
mdmusrsp.inf     retail
mdmusrwp.inf     retail
mdmvayrs.inf     retail
mdmvdot.inf      retail
mdmvict.inf      retail
mdmvsa1.inf      retail
mdmvv.inf        retail
mdmwell.inf      retail
mdmwhql0.inf     retail
mdmwoer.inf      retail
mdmx5560.inf     retail
mdmyorik.inf     retail
mdmzoom.inf      retail
mdmzyp.inf       retail
mdmzyxel.inf     retail
mdmzyxld.inf     retail
mdmzyxlg.inf     retail