                             Pro.txt
**********************************************************************

                     Release Notes for Setup
                 Microsoft Windows XP Professional

**********************************************************************

        (c) 2001 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.

When installing a new operating system, you need to make several
choices. The Windows XP Setup Wizard and this document guide you 
through these choices. You also learn how to connect your computer 
to a network. 

	Important: Before you begin, you should also read the file
	Read1st.txt, which is on the Windows XP Professional CD. This 
	file contains late-breaking information that was unavailable 
	when these release notes and the product documentation was 
	written, including preinstallation notes vital to the 
	success of your installation.

These release notes describe how to run the Windows XP Setup Wizard
and install Windows XP Professional on a single computer. 

======================================================================
CONTENTS
======================================================================
   1.0 Before You Begin
      1.1   Hardware Requirements
      1.2   Checking Hardware and Software Compatibility
      1.3   Obtaining Network Information
      1.4   Backing Up Your Files
      1.5   Upgrading v. Installing a New Copy

   2.0 Running Windows XP Setup
      2.1   If You're Installing a New Copy (Clean Install)
      2.2   If You're Upgrading
      2.3   Collecting User and Computer Information
      2.4   Providing Networking Information
            2.4.1   Joining a Workgroup
            2.4.2   Joining a Domain

   3.0 Customizing Setup Using Unattended Setup Mode

   4.0 Starting Windows XP Professional
      4.1   Logging on to Windows XP Professional
      4.2   Creating a User Account

======================================================================
1.0 Before You Begin
======================================================================

When you set up Windows XP Professional, you have to provide
information about how you want to install the operating system. The
procedures in these release notes help you to provide the necessary
information. To ensure a successful installation, complete the
following tasks, which are described in the sections that follow,
before you install Windows XP:

   * Make sure your hardware components meet the minimum requirements.

   * Obtain compatible hardware and software, such as upgrade packs 
     and new drivers.

   * Obtain network information.

   * Back up your current files in case you need to
     restore your current operating system.

   * Determine whether you want to perform an upgrade or install a new
     copy of Windows XP Professional.

   * If you're installing a new copy, identify and plan for any 
     advanced setup options you might want.

1.1 Hardware Requirements
======================================================================

Before you install Windows XP Professional, make sure your computer 
meets the following minimum hardware requirements:

   * 233 megahertz (MHz) Pentium or higher microprocessor (or 
     equivalent)
   * 128 megabytes (MB) recommended (64 MB of RAM minimum; 
     4 gigabytes (GB) of RAM maximum)
   * 1.5 GB of free space on your hard disk
   * VGA monitor
   * Keyboard
   * Mouse or compatible pointing device 
   * CD-ROM or DVD drive

For network installation:

   * Compatible network adapter card and related cable
     
     For more information, see the Hardware Compatibility List (HCL)
     or see "Checking Hardware and Software Compatibility" later in 
     this document.

   * Access to the network share that contains the Setup files

1.2 Checking Hardware and Software Compatibility
======================================================================

The Windows XP Setup Wizard automatically checks your hardware and 
software and reports any potential conflicts. To ensure a successful
installation, however, you should determine whether your computer
hardware is compatible with Windows XP Professional before you start 
the wizard.

You can view the Hardware Compatibility List (HCL) at the Microsoft
Web site:

http://www.microsoft.com/hcl/

      Important: Windows XP Professional supports only those devices 
      listed in the HCL. If your hardware isn't listed, contact 
      the hardware manufacturer and request a Windows XP Professional 
      driver for the component. To ensure that programs using 16-bit 
      drivers function properly afterwards, request 32-bit drivers 
      from the software vendor.

During the setup process, you can use upgrade packs to make your 
existing software compatible with Windows XP Professional. Upgrade
packs are available from the appropriate software manufacturers.

1.3 Obtaining Network Information
======================================================================

If your computer won't be connected to a network, you can skip this
section.

First, you need to decide whether your computer is joining a domain
or a workgroup. If you don't know which option to choose, or if your
computer won't be connected to a network, select the workgroup option.
(You can always join a domain after you install Windows XP
Professional.) If you select the domain option, ask your network 
administrator to create a new computer account in that domain or reset
your existing account.

If your computer is currently connected to a network, request the
following information from your network administrator before you
begin the setup process:

   * Name of your computer
   * Name of the workgroup or domain
   * TCP/IP address (if your network doesn't have a Dynamic Host
     Configuration Protocol (DHCP) server)

To connect to a network during the setup process, you must have the
correct hardware installed on your computer and be connected by a
network cable. 

1.4 Backing Up Your Files
======================================================================

If you're upgrading from an earlier version of Windows, you should
back up your current files. You can back up files to a disk, a tape
drive, or another computer on your network.

How you back up your files depends on your current operating system.
If your computer is running Microsoft Windows 95 or Windows 98, you 
might need to install the Windows Backup program. If you're using 
Windows NT 4.0, Windows Backup is installed by default. You must have 
a tape drive installed to use the Backup tool in Windows NT.

For more information about installing or using Windows Backup, see 
Help and Support Services.

1.5 Upgrading vs. Installing a New Copy
======================================================================

After you start the Windows XP Setup Wizard, one of the first
decisions you have to make is whether to upgrade your current
operating system or to perform an entirely new installation. During
the setup process, you must choose between upgrading or installing a
new copy of Windows (a "clean install").

During an upgrade, the Windows XP Setup Wizard replaces existing
Windows files but preserves your existing settings and applications.
Some applications might not be compatible with Windows XP Professional
and therefore might not function properly after an upgrade. You can 
upgrade to Windows XP Professional from the following
operating systems:

   * Windows 98 (all versions)
   * Windows Millennium Edition
   * Windows NT 4.0 Workstation (Service Pack 6 and later)
   * Windows 2000 Professional (including service packs)
   * Windows XP Home Edition

If your computer is currently running an unsupported operating 
system, you must install a new copy. The wizard installs Windows XP
Professional in a new folder. After the installation is complete, you 
will have to reinstall applications and reset your preferences.

You should UPGRADE if all           You should INSTALL a new copy 
of the following are true:          if any of the following are true:
=========================           ==============================

You're already using an earlier     Your hard disk is blank. 
version of Windows that 
supports upgrading.
     
- and -                             - or - 

You want to replace your            Your current operating system 
Windows operating                   doesn't support an upgrade to 
system with Windows XP.             Windows XP. 

- and -                             - or - 

You want to keep your existing      You already use an operating 
files and preferences.              system, but you don't want to 
                                    keep your existing files and
                                    preferences, so that you
                                    can cleanly install. 

If you want to modify the way the wizard installs Windows XP
Professional, click Advanced Options, and then perform any of the 
following tasks:

   * Change the default location of the setup files.
   * Store system files in a folder other than the default folder
     (\Windows).
   * Copy the installation files from the CD to the hard disk.
   * Select the partition on which to install Windows XP Professional.

Unless you're an advanced user, you should use the default settings.

======================================================================
2.0 Running Windows XP Setup 
======================================================================

The Windows XP Setup Wizard gathers information, including regional 
settings, names, and passwords. The wizard then copies the appropriate
files to your hard disk, checks the hardware, and configures your 
installation. When the installation is complete, you're ready to log 
on to Windows XP Professional. Note that your computer restarts
several times during the process.

How you start the Windows XP Setup Wizard depends on whether you're 
upgrading or installing a new copy of Windows. Determine your 
installation method, locate the appropriate section in these release 
notes, and then follow the procedures for your Setup scenario.

2.1 If You're Installing a New Copy (Clean Install)
======================================================================

If your computer has a blank hard disk or your current operating
system isn't supported, you need to start your computer by using the 
Windows XP Professional CD. Some newer CD-ROM drives can start the 
installation from the CD and automatically run the Windows XP Setup 
Wizard.

>>> To install a new copy by using the CD: 

   1. Start your computer by running your current operating system,
      and then insert the Windows XP Professional CD into your 
      CD-ROM drive. 

   2. If Windows automatically detects the CD, click Install Windows. 
      The Windows XP Setup Wizard appears.

      If Windows doesn't automatically detect the CD, click Start,
      and then click Run. Type the following path to the setup 
      file, replacing 'd' if necessary with the letter of your CD-ROM 
      drive: 
      
      d:\setup.exe 
      
   3. Press ENTER.

   4. When prompted to choose an installation type, 
      select New Installation, and then click Next.

   5. Follow the instructions that appear on your screen.

>>> To install a new copy by using a network connection: 

   1. Using your existing operating system, establish your connection
      to the shared network folder that contains the Setup files.
      You can also use an MS-DOS or network installation disk to
      connect to the network server, if the disk contains network
      client software.

      Your network administrator will be able to provide you
      with this path.

   2. If your computer is currently running Windows 98, 
      Windows Millennium Edition, or an earlier version of Windows NT,
      
      then at the command prompt, type the path to the file 
      setup.exe.

   3. Press ENTER. 

   4. Follow the instructions that appear on your screen.

2.2 If You're Upgrading
======================================================================

The upgrade process is simple. The Windows XP Setup Wizard detects and
installs the appropriate drivers, or it creates a report listing 
devices that couldn't be upgraded, so you can be sure your hardware 
and software is compatible with Windows XP Professional.

>>> To upgrade from the CD: 

   1. Start your computer by running your current operating system,
      and then insert the Windows XP Professional CD into your
      CD-ROM drive. 

   2. If Windows automatically detects the CD, the Windows XP 
      Professional CD dialog box appears. To start your upgrade, 
      click Install Windows.

      If Windows doesn't automatically detect the CD, click Start,
      and then click Run. Then type the path to the setup 
      file, replacing 'd' if necessary with the letter of your CD-ROM 
      drive: 
      
      d:\setup.exe 
      

   3. Press ENTER.

   4. When prompted to choose an installation type, 
      select Upgrade, and then click Next.

   5. Follow the instructions that appear on your screen.

>>> To upgrade from a network connection: 

   1. Using your current operating system, establish a connection to
      the shared network folder that contains the Setup files. If
      you have an MS-DOS or network installation disk that contains
      network client software, you can use that disk to connect to
      the shared folder. 

      Your network administrator will be able to provide you with 
      this path. 

   2. At the command prompt, type the path to the file setup.exe. 

   3. Press ENTER. 

   4. Select Upgrade, and then click Next. 

   5. Follow the instructions that appear on your screen.

2.3 Collecting User and Computer Information
======================================================================

The Windows XP Setup Wizard helps you gather information about you and
your computer. Although much of this installation process is 
automatic, you might need to provide information or select settings on
the following pages, depending on the current configuration of your 
computer:

   * Licensing Agreement. If you agree with the terms and want to 
     continue the setup process, select I accept this agreement.

   * Select Special Options. Customize the Windows XP installation,
     language, and accessibility settings for new installations. You
     can set up Windows XP to use multiple languages and regional
     settings.

   * Select a File System. Windows XP Professional can automatically 
     convert partitions on your hard disk to NTFS, the recommended 
     file system for Windows XP Professional, or you can choose to 
     keep your existing file systems. If you're upgrading, the wizard 
     uses your current file system.

   * Regional Settings. Change the system and user locale settings
     for different regions and languages.

   * Personalize Your Software. Type the full name of the person to 
     whom this copy of Windows XP Professional is licensed and, 
     optionally, the organization.

   * Computer Name and Administrator Password. Type a unique computer
     name that differs from other computer, workgroup, or domain
     names on your network. The wizard suggests a computer name, but
     you can change the name.

     During the installation, the wizard automatically creates an 
     Administrator account. When you use this account, you have full 
     rights over the computer's settings and can create user accounts 
     on the computer. That is, logging on as an Administrator after
     you install Windows XP Professional gives you administrative
     privileges that you need to log on and manage your computer. Type 
     a password for the Administrator account. For security reasons, 
     you should always assign a password to the Administrator account.
     Take care to remember and protect your password.

   * Date and Time Settings. Verify the date and time for your region,
     select the appropriate time zone, and then select whether
     you want Windows XP Professional to automatically adjust for
     daylight saving time.

   * Networking Settings. Unless you're an advanced user, select the
     Typical settings option for your network configuration.
     To manually configure network clients, services, and protocols, 
     select the Custom settings option.

   * Workgroup or Computer Domain. During the setup process, you must 
     choose to join either a workgroup or a domain.

     For more information, see "Providing Networking Information"
     later in this document.

   * Network Identification Wizard. If your computer is connected to a
     network, this wizard prompts you to identify the users who 
     will be using your computer. If you indicate that you're the only
     user, you're assigned Administrator rights.

2.4 Providing Networking Information
======================================================================

During or after the setup process, you need to join either a workgroup
or a domain. If you won't be working on a network, choose to join a 
workgroup.

2.4.1 Joining a Workgroup
----------------------------------------------------------------------
A workgroup is one or more computers with the same workgroup name (for
example, a "peer-to-peer" network). Any user can join a workgroup by 
specifying the workgroup name - you don't need special permissions to 
join a workgroup. You must provide an existing or new workgroup name, 
or you can use the workgroup name that the Windows XP Setup Wizard 
suggests.

2.4.2 Joining a Domain 
----------------------------------------------------------------------

A computer account identifies your computer to the domain, and the 
user account identifies you to your computer.

A domain is a collection of computers defined by a network 
administrator. Unlike joining a workgroup, which you can do yourself, 
joining a domain requires permission from the network administrator.

To join a domain during the setup process, you must have a computer 
account in the domain you want to join. If you're upgrading from 
Windows NT, the Windows XP Setup Wizard uses your existing computer 
account. Otherwise, you'll be asked to provide a new computer account.

Before you start the Windows XP Setup Wizard, ask your network 
administrator to create a computer account. Or, if you have the 
appropriate privileges, you can create the account during the setup 
process and join the domain. To join a domain during the setup 
process, you need to provide your user name and password.

      Note: If you have difficulty joining a domain during the setup 
      process, join a workgroup instead, and then join the domain 
      after you finish installing Windows XP Professional.

======================================================================
3.0 Customizing Setup Using Unattended Setup Mode
======================================================================

You can customize the installation of Windows XP Professional. By 
using unattended Setup mode, you can preset information so that you 
don't have to manually enter it during the setup process. 

By using an answer file, network administrators and experienced users 
can perform a new installation in unattended Setup mode. In unattended
Setup mode, no user intervention is required during the setup process,
because the answer file contains all of the information that the 
Windows XP Setup Wizard requires, including acceptance of the license 
agreement, computer name, and network adapter. Answer files can help 
you quickly install Windows XP Professional on more than one computer.

A sample answer file, Unattend.txt, is included in the i386 folder on 
the Windows XP Professional CD. By using the file as a template, you 
can create your own answer file to customize the setup process. 

======================================================================
4.0 Starting Windows XP Professional 
======================================================================

After gathering the required information, the Windows XP Setup Wizard 
completes the installation. Your computer restarts several times, and 
then Windows XP Professional prompts you to log on. After you log on,
if you have Administrator rights, you can activate your copy of
Windows XP Professional, create user accounts, and reconfigure any
settings that you entered during the setup process.

4.1 Logging on to Windows XP Professional
======================================================================

When you install Windows XP Professional, Setup prompts you to create
a user account for yourself and one for each person who regularly uses
the computer, whether in an office or home.

Important: If you have Administrator rights, you can assign
permissions to each user account. For example, you can determine
whether a user may install software, view other users' documents, or
operate network resources such as printers and servers. 

4.2 Creating a User Account
======================================================================

Your user account identifies your user name and password, the groups
you're a member of, which network resources you have access to, and
your personal files and settings. Each person who regularly uses the
computer should have a user account. The user account is identified by
a user name and a password, both of which the user types when logging
on to the computer. You can create individual user accounts after
logging on to the computer by using an account with Administrator 
rights.

>>> To create a user account: 

   1. Log on to the computer as a user with Administrator rights.

   2. Click Start, click Control Panel, and then click User Accounts. 

   3. Click Add.

   4. Follow the instructions that appear on your screen.


