**********************************************************************

         Planning Your Microsoft Whistler Server Installation
                   Release Notes, Part 2 of 3
                             Beta 2

**********************************************************************

         (c) 2001 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.


These notes support a preliminary release of a software program that
bears the project code name Whistler.

======================================================================
8.0   Deciding Whether a Computer Will Contain More Than One Operating
System
======================================================================

A computer can be set up so that you can choose between two or more
operating systems each time you restart the computer. For example, you
could set up a server to run Whistler Server most of the time but
allow it to sometimes run Windows NT Server version 4.0 in order to
support an older application. (However, to do this you would need to
make specific file system choices and would probably need the latest
released Service Pack, as described in "Multiple Operating Systems and
File System Compatibility" and "Choosing a File System" later in this
text file series.) During restart, you can select which of the two
operating systems you want to run. (You can specify a default 
operating system that will run if no selection is made during the 
restart process.)

Important: If you set up a computer so that the installed operating 
systems include Whistler and any other operating system, you must 
install Whistler in a separate partition on the computer. (A partition 
divides a disk into sections that function as separate units and that 
can be formatted for use by a file system. Different partitions often 
have different drive letters, for example, C and D.) Installing 
Whistler in a separate partition ensures that it will not overwrite 
crucial files used by the other operating system.

The reason for setting up a computer so that you can choose between
two or more operating systems at startup is that you can use 
applications that run only with a particular operating system. There
are definite drawbacks to setting up a computer this way, however:
each operating system uses valuable disk space, and compatibility
issues, especially file system compatibility, can be complex. In
addition, you cannot use dynamic disks (a storage type available in
Whistler) with some operating systems. The only operating systems that
can access a dynamic disk are Windows 2000 and Whistler.

Note: If you are considering setting up a computer with more than one 
operating system to ensure that you will always have a way to start 
the computer (regardless of driver or disk problems), first take into 
account the variety of disaster-recovery features available in 
Whistler. One example of these features is safe mode, in which 
Whistler restarts with default settings and the minimum number of 
drivers (ensuring the ability to start even if a new driver is causing 
a problem). With this and a variety of other disaster-recovery 
features, it is not necessary to maintain more than one operating 
system as a safeguard against system problems. Avoiding multiple 
operating systems means you also avoid file system compatibility 
issues and other drawbacks. For more information about disaster 
recovery, see Whistler Help and Support Services. To open Help and 
Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, and then click
Help and Support.

Before deciding to set up a computer with more than one operating
system, review the following restrictions.

On computers that contain MS-DOS and Whistler:

 * Install each operating system in a different partition, and
   install the applications used with an operating system in the
   same partition with it. If an application is used with two
   different operating systems, install it in two partitions.

 * The primary partition must be formatted as FAT.

 * Whistler must be installed last. Otherwise important files needed
   for starting Whistler could be overwritten.

 * File system compatibility might be an issue. See "Multiple
   Operating Systems and File System Compatibility" later in this
   text file series.

On computers that contain Windows 95 and Whistler:

 * Install each operating system on a different partition, and
   install the applications used with an operating system on the
   same partition with it. If an application is used with two
   different operating systems, install it on two partitions.

 * The primary partition must be formatted as FAT. (For Windows 95
   OSR2, the primary partition must be formatted as FAT or FAT32.)

 * Compressed DriveSpace or DoubleSpace volumes won't be available
   while you are running Whistler. It is not necessary to
   uncompress DriveSpace or DoubleSpace volumes that you will
   access only with Windows 95. 

 * Whistler must be installed last. Otherwise important files needed
   for starting Whistler could be overwritten.

 * File system compatibility might be an issue. See "Multiple
   Operating Systems and File System Compatibility" later in this
   text file series.

On computers that contain Windows 98 and Whistler:

 * Install each operating system on a different partition, and
   install the applications used with an operating system on the
   same partition with it. If an application is used with two
   different operating systems, install it on two partitions.

 * The primary partition must be formatted as FAT or FAT32.

 * Compressed DriveSpace or DoubleSpace volumes won't be available
   while you are running Whistler. It is not necessary to
   uncompress DriveSpace or DoubleSpace volumes that you will
   access only with Windows 98. 

 * File system compatibility might be an issue. See "Multiple
   Operating Systems and File System Compatibility" later in this
   text file series.

On computers that contain Windows NT 4.0 and Whistler:

 * See "Multiple Operating Systems and File System Compatibility" and
   "Computers that Contain Windows NT 4.0 and Whistler Server"
   later in this text file series.

On computers that contain Windows 2000 and Whistler or that contain
multiple Whistler partitions:

 * Install each operating system on a different partition, and
   install the applications used with an operating system on the
   same partition with it. If an application is used with two
   different operating systems, install it on two partitions.

 * When installing Whistler on a partition, you can choose any
   product in the Whistler product family. For example, for a
   computer containing multiple Whistler partitions, you could
   install Whistler Server on one partition and Whistler
   Professional on another.

 * If the computer participates in a domain, use a different computer
   name for each installation. Because a unique security identifier
   (SID) is used for each installation of Whistler on a domain, the
   computer name for each installation must be unique, even for
   multiple installations on the same computer.

 * If you want to use Encrypting File System (EFS), you must take
   certain steps to ensure that encrypted files will be available
   from each of the installations. For more information,
   see "Multiple Operating Systems and Encrypting File System"
   later in this text file series.

8.1   Multiple Operating Systems and File System Compatibility
======================================================================

On computers that contain multiple operating systems, compatibility
becomes more complex when you consider file system choices. The file
systems to choose from are NTFS, FAT, and FAT32. For more
information, see "Choosing a File System" later in this text file
series.

NTFS is normally the recommended file system because it supports
important features, including Active Directory and domain-based
security. With NTFS, however, you need to take file system
compatibility into account when considering whether to set up a
computer to contain more than one operating system, because the
version of NTFS in Windows 2000 and Whistler has new features in
addition to those in Windows NT. Files that use any new features will
be completely usable or readable only when the computer is started
with Windows 2000 or Whistler. For example, a file that uses the new
encryption feature won't be readable when the computer is started with
Windows NT Server 4.0, which was released before the encryption
feature existed. For more information about features that affect file
accessibility with Whistler, see "NTFS" later in this text file
series.

Note: If you want to set up a computer with both Windows NT and 
Whistler, and you want to have an NTFS partition, the only appropriate 
version of Windows NT is version 4.0 with the latest released Service 
Pack. Using the latest Service Pack maximizes compatibility between 
Windows NT 4.0 and the updated NTFS file system used with Whistler 
Server. (Specifically, this compatibility in file systems is provided 
by Service Pack 4 and later Service Packs.) Even the latest Service 
Pack, however, does not provide access to files using the new features 
in NTFS. Using NTFS as the only file system on a computer that 
contains both Whistler and Windows NT is not recommended. On these 
computers, a FAT partition containing the Windows NT 4.0 operating 
system ensures that when started with Windows NT 4.0, the computer 
will have access to needed files.

If you set up a computer so that it starts with Windows NT 3.51 or
earlier on a FAT partition, and Whistler Server is contained in an 
NTFS partition, when that computer starts with Windows NT 3.51, the 
NTFS partition will not be visible.

8.2   Computers that Contain Windows NT 4.0 and Whistler Server
======================================================================

Before you set up a computer that contains Windows NT 4.0 and Whistler 
Server, review the following precautions:

 * If your only concern is ensuring that you can always start the
   computer, setting up the computer so that you can start it with
   different operating systems at different times is not necessary.
   For more information, see "Deciding Whether a Computer Will
   Contain More Than One Operating System" earlier in this text
   file series.

 * Using NTFS as the only file system on a computer that contains both
   Whistler and Windows NT is not recommended. For more
   information, see "Multiple Operating Systems and File System
   Compatibility" earlier in this text file series.

 * Make sure that Windows NT 4.0 has been updated with the latest
   released Service Pack. For details, see "Multiple Operating
   Systems and File System Compatibility" earlier in this text file
   series.

 * Install each operating system on a different partition, and
   install the applications used with an operating system on the
   same partition with it. If an application is used with two
   different operating systems, install it on two partitions.

   When you perform a new installation of Whistler Server (as opposed
   to an upgrade), by default, the installation is placed on a
   partition on which no other operating system is located. You can
   specify a different partition during Setup.

 * Don't install Whistler on a compressed drive unless the drive was
   compressed with the NTFS file system compression feature.

 * If the computer participates in a domain, use a different computer
   name for each installation.

For more information about computers that contain multiple operating
systems, see the Microsoft Windows 2000 Resource Kits.

8.3   Multiple Operating Systems and Encrypting File System
======================================================================

If you set up a server so that it contains Windows 2000 and Whistler
or contains multiple Whistler partitions, and you want to use 
Encrypting File System (EFS) on the computer, you must take certain
steps. These steps make encrypted files readable between the different
installations.

 * One approach is to ensure that all the installations are in the
   same domain and that the user of these installations has a
   roaming profile.

 * Another approach is to export the user's file encryption
   certificate and associated private key from one installation and
   import it into the other installations.

For more information about EFS, roaming user profiles, and importing 
and exporting certificates, see Whistler Help and Support Services. To 
open Help and Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, 
and then click Help and Support.

======================================================================
9.0   Choosing a File System
======================================================================

You can choose among three file systems for disk partitions on a
computer running Whistler: NTFS, FAT, and FAT32. NTFS is the
recommended system. FAT and FAT32 are similar to each other, except
that FAT32 is designed for larger disks than FAT. (The file system
that works most easily with large disks is NTFS.) This section
provides information to help you compare the file systems. The section
that follows provides additional information about NTFS.

NTFS has always been a more powerful file system than FAT and FAT32.
Windows 2000 and Whistler include a new version of NTFS, with support
for a variety of features including Active Directory, which is needed
for domains, user accounts, and other important security features. For
more details about features in NTFS, see "NTFS" later in this text
file series.

Setup makes it easy to convert your partition to the new version of 
NTFS, even if it used FAT or FAT32 before. This kind of conversion 
keeps your files intact (unlike formatting a partition). If you don't 
need to keep your files intact and you have a FAT or FAT32 partition, 
you should format the partition with NTFS rather than converting from 
FAT or FAT32. Formatting a partition erases all data on the partition, 
but a partition that is formatted with NTFS rather than converted from 
FAT or FAT32 will have less fragmentation and better performance.

However, it is still advantageous to use NTFS, regardless of whether
the partition was formatted with NTFS or converted. A partition can
also be converted after Setup by using Convert.exe. For more
information about Convert.exe, after completing Setup, click Start,
click Run, type cmd and then press ENTER. In the command window, type
help convert, and then press ENTER.

Note: You can use important features such as Active Directory and 
domain-based security only by choosing NTFS as your file system.

There is one situation in which you might want to choose FAT or FAT32
as your file system. If it is necessary to have a computer that will
sometimes run Whistler and sometimes run Windows NT or an earlier
operating system, you will need to have a FAT or FAT32 partition as
the primary (or startup) partition on the hard disk. This is because
these earlier operating systems, with one exception, can't access a
partition if it uses the latest version of NTFS. The one exception is
Windows NT 4.0 with Service Pack 4 or later, which has access
to partitions with the latest version of NTFS, but with some
limitations. Windows NT 4.0 cannot access files that have been stored
using NTFS features that did not exist when Windows NT 4.0 was
released. For more information, see "Deciding Whether a Computer Will
Contain More Than One Operating System" and "Multiple Operating
Systems and File System Compatibility" earlier in this text file
series.

For anything other than a situation with multiple operating systems,
however, the recommended file system is NTFS.

The following list describes the compatibility of each file system
with various operating systems. 

 * NTFS: A computer running Windows 2000 or Whistler can access files
   on an NTFS partition. A computer running Windows NT 4.0 with
   Service Pack 4 or later might be able to access some files.
   Other operating systems allow no access.

 * FAT: Access is available through MS-DOS, all versions of Windows,
   Windows NT, Whistler, and OS/2.

 * FAT32: Access is available only through Windows 95 OSR2, Windows
   98, Windows 2000, and Whistler.

The following list compares disk and file sizes possible with each
file system.

 * NTFS: Recommended minimum volume size is approximately 10 MB.
   Recommended practical maximum for volumes is 2 TB (terabytes). 
   Much larger sizes are possible.
   Cannot be used on floppy disks.
   File size limited only by size of volume.

 * FAT: Volumes from floppy disk size up to 4 GB.
   Does not support domains.
   Maximum file size is 2 GB.

 * FAT32: Volumes from 512 MB to 2 TB.
   In Whistler, you can format a FAT32 volume only up to 32 GB.
   Does not support domains.
   Maximum file size is 4 GB.

Note: If you choose to format a partition as FAT during Setup and the 
partition is larger than 2 GB, Setup will automatically format it as 
FAT32.

9.1   NTFS
======================================================================

Some of the features you can use when you choose NTFS are:

 * Active Directory, which you can use to view and control network
   resources easily.

 * Domains, which are part of Active Directory, and which you can use
   to fine-tune security options while keeping administration
   simple. Domain controllers require NTFS.

 * File encryption, which greatly enhances security.

 * Permissions that can be set on individual files rather than just
   folders.

 * Sparse files. These are very large files created by applications
   in such a way that only limited disk space is needed. That is,
   NTFS allocates disk space only to the portions of a file that
   are written to.

 * Remote Storage, which provides an extension to your disk space by
   making removable media such as tapes more accessible.

 * Recovery logging of disk activities, which helps you restore
   information quickly in the event of power failure or other
   system problems.

 * Disk quotas, which you can use to monitor and control the amount
   of disk space used by individual users.

 * Better scalability to large drives. The maximum drive size for
   NTFS is much greater than that for FAT, and as drive size
   increases, performance with NTFS doesn't degrade as it does with
   FAT.

This is only a partial list of the features in NTFS in Whistler.

Setup makes it easy to convert your partition to the new
version of NTFS, even if it used FAT or FAT32 before. This kind of
conversion keeps your files intact (unlike formatting a partition).
Setup begins by checking the existing file system. If it is NTFS,
conversion happens automatically. If it is FAT or FAT32, Setup gives
you the choice of whether to convert to NTFS. If you don't need to
keep your files intact and you have a FAT or FAT32 partition, you should format the partition with NTFS rather than converting from FAT 
or FAT32. Formatting a partition erases all data on the partition, but 
a partition that is formatted with NTFS rather than converted from FAT 
or FAT32 will have less fragmentation and better performance.

However, it is still advantageous to use NTFS, regardless of whether
the partition was formatted with NTFS or converted. A partition can
also be converted after Setup by using Convert.exe. For more
information about Convert.exe, after completing Setup, click Start,
click Run, type cmd and then press ENTER. In the command window, type
help convert, and then press ENTER.

======================================================================
10.0   Planning Disk Partitions for New Installations
======================================================================

You will need to plan your disk partitions before running Setup only
if you are performing a new installation, not an upgrade. Disk
partitioning is a way of dividing your physical disk so that each
section functions as a separate unit. When you create partitions on a
disk, you divide the disk into one or more areas that can be formatted
for use by a file system, such as FAT or NTFS. Different partitions
often have different drive letters (for example, C and D). A
primary partition, or system partition, is one on which you can
install the files needed to load an operating system such as
Whistler.

Important: If you plan to delete or create partitions on a hard disk, 
be sure to back up the disk contents beforehand because these actions 
will destroy any existing data. As with any major change to disk 
contents, you should back up the entire contents of the hard disk 
before working with partitions, even if you plan to leave one or more 
of your partitions alone.

Do not install Whistler on a compressed drive unless the partition
was compressed with the NTFS file system compression feature.
(Uncompress a DriveSpace or DoubleSpace drive before running Whistler
Setup on it.)

Before running Setup to perform a new installation, you will need to
determine the size of the partition on which to install Whistler
Server. There is no set formula for figuring a partition size. The
basic principle is to allow plenty of room for the operating system,
applications, and other files that you might group together on the
installation partition. The files for setting up Whistler Server
require at least 1 GB of free space on the disk, as described
in "System Requirements" earlier in this text file series. You should 
allow considerably more disk space than the minimum amount. Allowing 
2-4 GB on the partition is not unreasonable, and for larger 
installations, it is not unreasonable to allow 10 GB. This allows 
space for a variety of items, including optional components, user 
accounts, Active Directory information, logs, future service packs, 
the pagefile used by the operating system, and other items.

When you perform a new installation of Whistler Server, you can
select the partition on which to install. If you specify a partition
on which another operating system exists, you will be prompted to
confirm your choice.

During Setup, create and size only the partition on which you want to
install Whistler. After Whistler is installed, you can use Disk
Management to manage new and existing disks and volumes. This includes
creating new partitions from unpartitioned space; deleting, renaming,
and reformatting existing partitions; adding and removing hard disks;
and changing a basic disk to the dynamic disk storage type, or dynamic
to basic. (Note that you cannot use dynamic disks on some computers
that contain multiple operating systems. The only operating systems
that can access a dynamic disk are Windows 2000 and Whistler.)

Important: If you're setting up a computer so that it contains 
multiple operating systems, you must install Whistler on its own 
partition. This ensures that Whistler will not overwrite crucial files 
needed by the other operating system. For more information, see 
"Deciding Whether a Computer Will Contain More Than One Operating 
System" earlier in this text file series.

10.1   Disk Partition Requirements for Remote Installation Services
======================================================================

If you plan to use Remote Installation Services on this server (so
that you can install operating systems onto other computers), you will
need a separate partition for use by Remote Installation Services.
Plan on using NTFS on this partition: NTFS is required for the Single
Instance Store feature of Remote Installation Services. If you need to
create a new partition for Remote Installation Services, plan on doing
it after Setup and leave enough unpartitioned disk space so that you
can create it (2 GB of space is recommended, but you might need less,
depending on how the server will be used). Alternatively, you can plan
to make the disk a dynamic disk, which allows more flexibility in the
use of the disk space than a basic disk. (However, you cannot use
dynamic disks on some computers that contain multiple operating
systems. The only operating systems that can access a dynamic disk are
Windows 2000 and Whistler.)

For information about Remote Installation Services and about disk and
partition choices, see Whistler Help and Support Services. To open 
Help and Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, and 
then click Help and Support.

10.2   Options When Partitioning a Disk
======================================================================

You can change the partitions on your disk during Setup only if you
are performing a new installation, not an upgrade. You can modify the
partitioning of the disk after Setup by using Disk Management.

If you are performing a new installation, Setup examines the hard
disk to determine its existing configuration, and then offers the
following options:

 * If the hard disk is unpartitioned, you can create and size the
   Whistler partition.

 * If the hard disk is partitioned but has enough unpartitioned disk
   space, you can create the Whistler partition by using the
   unpartitioned space.

 * If the hard disk has an existing partition that is large enough,
   you can install Whistler on that partition, with or without
   reformatting the partition first. Reformatting a partition
   erases all data on the partition. If you don't reformat the
   partition but you do install Whistler where there was already an
   operating system, that operating system will be overwritten, and
   you will have to re-install any applications you want to use
   with Whistler.

 * If the hard disk has an existing partition, you can delete it to
   create more unpartitioned disk space for the Whistler partition.
   Deleting an existing partition also erases any data on that
   partition.

======================================================================
11.0   Choosing Components to Install
======================================================================

The Whistler Server family of products includes a wide variety of
core components, including a number of administrative tools, that
Setup installs automatically. In addition, you can choose from a
number of optional components that extend the functionality of your
server. You can install these components during Setup, or you can add
them later (through Add or Remove Programs in Control Panel).
Alternatively, after Setup, you can use the Configure Your Server
Wizard, which will choose and install components for you according to
the type of server you specify.

Choosing more of these components means providing more possibilities
on the server. However, you should choose only the components you
need because each component requires additional disk space. The
following table (and the list that follows it) will help you choose
the components you need in your installation.

SERVER FUNCTION        POSSIBLE COMPONENTS
-------------------    ---------------------------------------------
DHCP, DNS, and/or      Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP),
WINS server (in a      DNS, and/or Windows Internet Name Service 
TCP/IP network)        (WINS) - all part of Networking Services

Centralized            Management and Monitoring Tools
administration of      Remote Installation Services
networks               Note that remote administration (previously
                       known as Terminal Services in Remote
                       Administration mode) is built into Whistler
                       and does not need to be installed as 
                       a component.

Authentication and     Internet Authentication Service (part of
secure communication   Networking Services)
                       Certificate Services

File server            Indexing Service
                       Remote Storage
                       Other Network File and Print Services (support
                       for Macintosh and UNIX operating systems)

Fax or print server    Fax Service
                       Other Network File and Print Services (support
                       for Macintosh and UNIX operating systems)

Application server     Terminal Server; Terminal Server Licensing
                       Message Queuing Services
                       COM Internet Services Proxy (part of
                       Networking Services)
                       QoS Admission Control Service (part of
                       Networking Services)

Internet (Web) server  Internet Information Services

Dial-up access support Connection Manager Administration Kit and
                       Connection Point Services (part of
                       Management and Monitoring Tools).
                       Note that Routing and Remote Access service
                       is included as a core element of Whistler
                       and does not need to be installed as 
                       a component.

Multimedia             Windows Media Services
communications         QoS Admission Control Service (part of
                       Networking Services)

Support for a          Other Network File and Print Services (support
variety of client      for Macintosh and UNIX operating systems).
operating systems      See also "Centralized administration of
                       networks" earlier in this table.

The following list describes the components in the preceding table 
and all other components that you can install.

Accessories and Utilities
  Includes desktop accessories such as WordPad, Paint, Calculator, 
  and CD Player, as well as the Accessibility Wizard. To select 
  individual items, in the Windows Components Wizard, select 
  Accessories and Utilities, click Details, and then select the 
  subcomponents you want from the list.

Certificate Services
  Provides security and authentication support, including secure 
  e-mail, Web-based authentication, and smart card authentication. 
  For information about authentication of dial-up users, see 
  "Networking Services" later in this list.

Fax Service
  Provides support for the sending and receiving of faxes.

Indexing Service
  Provides indexing functions for documents stored on disk. By using 
  Indexing Service, you can search for specific document text or 
  properties.

Internet Information Services (IIS)
  Provides support for Web-site creation, configuration, and
  management, along with Network News Transfer Protocol (NNTP), 
  File Transfer Protocol (FTP), and Simple Mail Transfer Protocol 
  (SMTP).

Management and Monitoring Tools
  Provides tools for communications administration, monitoring, and
  management, including applications that support development of 
  customized client dialers for remote users and implementation of 
  phone books that can be automatically updated from a central server. 
  In addition, Management and Monitoring Tools includes Simple 
  Network Management Protocol (SNMP) and Windows Management 
  Instrumentation (WMI) SNMP Provider.

Message Queuing Services
  Provides a communication infrastructure and a development tool 
  for creating distributed messaging applications. Such applications 
  can communicate across heterogeneous networks and with computers 
  that might be offline. Message Queuing Services provide guaranteed 
  message delivery, efficient routing, security, transactional 
  support, and priority-based messaging.

Networking Services
  Provides important support for networking, including the items 
  in the following list. For information about network monitoring,
  see "Management and Monitoring Tools" earlier in this list. For
  background information about IP addresses and name resolution, 
  see "Networking: TCP/IP, IP Addresses, and Name Resolution" later 
  in this text file series.

   * COM Internet Services Proxy. Supports distributed applications
     that use HTTP to communicate through Internet Information
     Services.

   * DNS. Provides name resolution for clients running Windows 2000
     or Whistler. With name resolution, users can gain access to 
     servers by name instead of having to use IP addresses that are
     difficult to recognize and remember.

   * Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol (DHCP). Gives a server the
     capability of assigning IP addresses dynamically to network
     devices. These devices typically include server and
     workstation computers but can also include other devices
     such as printers and scanners. With DHCP, you do not need to
     set and maintain static IP addresses on any of these
     devices, except for intranet servers providing DHCP, DNS,
     or WINS service.

   * Internet Authentication Service (IAS). Performs authentication,
     authorization, and accounting of dial-up and virtual private
     network (VPN) users. IAS supports the widely used protocol
     called Remote Authentication Dial-In User Service (RADIUS).

   * QoS Admission Control Service. Controls how
     applications are allotted network bandwidth. You can give
     important applications more bandwidth, less important
     applications less bandwidth.

   * Simple TCP/IP Services. Supports Character Generator, Daytime
     Discard, Echo, and Quote of the Day.

   * Universal Plug and Play. Installs Universal Plug
     and Play devices so that you can use them immediately, without
     additional configuration steps.

   * Universal Plug and Play Device Host. Provides support to host
     Universal Plug and Play devices.

   * Windows Internet Name Service (WINS). Provides name resolution
     for clients running Windows NT and earlier versions of
     Microsoft operating systems. With name resolution, users can
     access servers by name, instead of having to use IP
     addresses that are difficult to recognize and remember.

Other Network File and Print Services
  Provides file and print services for the Macintosh operating system,
  as well as print services for UNIX.

Remote Installation Services
  Provides services that you can use to set up new client computers
  remotely, without the need to visit each client. The target clients
  must either support remote startup with the Pre-Boot eXecution
  Environment (PXE) ROM, or else must be started with a remote-start
  floppy disk. On the server, you will need a separate partition for
  Remote Installation Services. For more information, see "Disk
  Partition Requirements for Remote Installation Services" earlier in
  this text file series.

Remote Storage
  Provides an extension to your disk space by making removable media
  such as tapes more accessible. Infrequently used data can
  automatically be transferred to tape and retrieved when needed.

Root Certificates Auto Update
  Supports automatic update of the certificate root store.

Terminal Server
  Terminal Server provides the ability to run client applications on
  the server, while "thin client" software acts as a terminal emulator
  on the client. Each user sees an individual session, displayed as a
  Whistler desktop, and each session is managed by the server,
  independent of any other client session. If you install Terminal
  Server, you must also install Terminal Server Licensing on at least
  one computer (not necessarily a computer on which you install 
  Terminal Server). However, temporary licenses can be issued for 
  clients that allow you to use Terminal Server for up to 90 days.

Terminal Server Licensing
  Provides a licensing service that allows you to download, issue, 
  and track licenses for Terminal Server clients. If you install 
  Terminal Server, you must also install Terminal Server Licensing 
  on at least one computer (not necessarily a computer on which you 
  install Terminal Server). However, temporary licenses can be issued 
  for clients that allow you to use Terminal Server for up to 90 days.

To register a license server quickly, install it on a computer that
has Internet access.

During Terminal Server Licensing Setup, you can select from two types
of license server: domain license server (the default) or enterprise
license server. A domain license server can only support Terminal
servers that are in the same domain as the license server. You must
choose a domain license server if the license server is in a workgroup
or a Windows NT 4.0 domain. Regardless of the type of domain, you can
choose a domain license server if you want to maintain a separate
license server for each domain. In Whistler domains, you must install
the domain license server on a domain controller. In workgroups or
Windows NT 4.0 domains, you can install the domain license server on
any server.

You can also choose to install a license server as an enterprise
license server. An enterprise license server can support Terminal
servers in Whistler domains or mixed domains (that is, with some
domain controllers running Whistler and some domain controllers
running Windows NT 4.0). You must choose an enterprise license server
if the license server will support Terminal servers in multiple
Whistler domains.

Windows Media Services (for x86-based computers only)
  Provides multimedia support, allowing you to deliver content using
  Advanced Streaming Format over an intranet or the Internet.

======================================================================
12.0   Networking: TCP/IP, IP Addresses, and Name Resolution
======================================================================

TCP/IP is the network protocol that provides Internet access. It is
the protocol used by most servers, although you can use additional or
different network adapters and their associated protocols on your
servers. (For information about using other network adapters, read the
adapter documentation, and see "Taking an Optional Device Inventory"
earlier in this text file series.) Setup and the Configure Your Server
Wizard are designed to make it easy to configure TCP/IP and the
services that support it.

To use TCP/IP, make sure that each server is provided with an IP
address, either a dynamic or automatic address provided through
software, or a static address that you obtain and set. Because these
addresses are numbers and therefore hard to remember, you will also
have to provide users with names that are easier to use. Mapping this
type of name to an IP address is called name resolution and can be
accomplished by various methods, primarily by using DNS and Windows Internet
Name Service (WINS). The following sections provide more information.

12.1   IP Addresses
======================================================================

As described in the preceding section, using TCP/IP requires that an
IP address be provided for each computer, either automatically by
Whistler, dynamically through the DHCP service (which you configure),
or statically (using an IP address that you have obtained).

You can allow Whistler to provide IP addresses automatically during
Setup, and then, after Setup, change your configuration to use DHCP, 
Static addressing, or both. For more information about DHCP and IP 
addressing, see Whistler Help and Support Services. To open Help and 
Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, and then click 
Help and Support.

The following list describes the methods you can use to provide an IP
address:

 * For a limited number of servers (five or fewer) on a small private
   network, you can use the Whistler Server feature called
   Automatic Private IP Addressing (APIPA) to automatically assign
   IP addresses for you. In Setup, automatic addressing is
   available from the Networking Settings dialog box when you
   select the Typical settings option.

 * If your network has more than one subnet, choose one server on
   which to install and configure the Dynamic Host Configuration
   Protocol (DHCP) component. The DHCP server will provide IP
   addresses dynamically to other computers. It must itself be
   assigned a static IP address (so other computers can locate it).

   In this situation, in order to support clients, you might also
   need one or more servers with the DNS component, the
   Windows Internet Name Service (WINS) component, or both. DNS and 
   WINS are described in the following section, "Name Resolution for 
   TCP/IP." One server or several servers can provide DHCP, DNS, 
   and/or WINS. Any server providing these services should be assigned 
   a static IP address (so other computers can locate it). For 
   detailed information about assigning a static IP address, see 
   "Specifying Networking Settings" later in this text file series.

 * If a particular server will be directly providing access to users
   on the Internet, you must assign that server a static IP
   address. You can obtain an address and an associated domain name
   from an Internet Service Provider (ISP) or from the Internet
   Network Information Center (InterNIC). For more information
   about InterNIC, see:

   http://internic.net/

   If a computer has more than one network adapter, it will need a
   separate IP address for each adapter. For detailed information
   about assigning a static IP address, see "Specifying Networking
   Settings" later in this text file series.

After a server is provided with an IP addressing option, the next
components to consider are those that provide for name resolution,
which is the process of mapping a computer name (something that users
can recognize and remember) to the appropriate IP address. The
following sections describe options for name resolution.

12.2   Name Resolution for TCP/IP
======================================================================

Name resolution is a process that provides users with easy-to-remember 
server names, instead of requiring them to use the numerical IP 
addresses by which servers identify themselves on the TCP/IP network. 
The name-resolution services are DNS and Windows Internet Name Service (WINS).

12.2.1   DNS
----------------------------------------------------------------------

DNS is a hierarchical naming system used for locating computers on
the Internet and private TCP/IP networks. One or more DNS servers are
needed in most installations. DNS is required for Internet e-mail, Web
browsing, and Active Directory. DNS is also required in domains with
clients running Windows 2000 or Whistler. DNS is installed
automatically when you create a domain controller (or promote a server
to become a domain controller), unless the Whistler software detects
that a DNS server already exists for that domain. (Alternatively, you
can explicitly select DNS as a component to install during or after
Setup.)

If you are installing DNS on a server, you will need to specify a
static IP address on that server. In addition, you will need to
configure the DNS clients so that they recognize that IP address. For
information about assigning a static IP address, see "Specifying
Networking Settings" later in this text file series. For information
about configuring DNS, see Whistler Help and Support Services. To open 
Help and Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, and 
then click Help and Support.

12.2.2   Windows Internet Name Service (WINS)

If you provide support for clients running Windows NT or any earlier
Microsoft operating system, you will need to install Windows Internet
Name Service (WINS) on one or more servers in the domain. WINS is an
optional software component and appears under Networking Services in
the list of installable Windows components. (For more information
about different ways you can install components during or after Setup,
see "Choosing Components to Install" earlier in this text
file series.) If you are installing WINS on a server, you will need to
specify a static IP address on that server. In addition, you will need
to configure the WINS clients so that they recognize that IP address.

For information about assigning a static IP address, see "Specifying
Networking Settings" later in this text file series. For information
about configuring WINS, see Whistler Help and Support Services. To 
open Help and Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, 
and then click Help and Support.

======================================================================
13.0   Deciding Between Workgroups and Domains
======================================================================

A domain is a grouping of accounts and network resources under a
single domain name and security boundary. A workgroup is a more basic
grouping, intended only to help users find objects such as printers
and shared folders within that group. Domains are the recommended
choice for all networks except very small ones with few users.

In a workgroup, users might have to remember multiple passwords, one
for each network resource. (In addition, different users can use
different passwords for each resource.) In a domain, passwords and
permissions are simpler to keep track of because a domain has a single,
centralized database of user accounts, permissions, and other network
details. The information in this database is replicated automatically
among domain controllers. You determine which servers are domain
controllers and which are simply members of the domain. You can
determine these roles not only during Setup but afterward.

Domains, and the Active Directory directory system of which they are
a part, provide many options for making resources easily available to
users while maintaining good monitoring and security. For more
information about Active Directory, see Whistler Help and Support. To 
open Help and Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, 
and then click Help and Support.

13.1   Planning for Domain Controllers and Member Servers
======================================================================

With Whistler, servers in a domain can have one of two roles: domain
controllers, which contain matching copies of the user accounts and
other Active Directory data in a given domain, and member servers,
which belong to a domain but do not contain a copy of the Active
Directory data. (A server that belongs to a workgroup, not a domain,
is called a stand-alone server.) With Whistler, it is possible to
change the role of a server back and forth from domain controller to
member server (or stand-alone server), even after Setup is complete.
However, you should plan your domain before running
Setup, and change server roles only when necessary.

It is a good idea to give careful thought to the names of your domain
controllers before running Setup. You cannot change the name of a
server while it is a domain controller. Instead, you must change the domain controller to a member or stand-alone server, change the name, 
and finally make the server a domain controller once again.

If you have multiple domain controllers, it provides better support
for users than having only one. Multiple domain controllers provide
automatic backup for user accounts and other Active Directory data,
and they work together to support domain controller functions (such as
carrying out logon validations). For more information about domain controllers,
see the topics under Active Directory in Whistler
Help and Support Services. To open Help and Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, and then click Help and Support.

13.1.1   Special Aspects of Whistler Domain Controllers
----------------------------------------------------------------------

As you manage your Whistler domains, you might want to learn more
about operations master roles. This section describes operations
master roles briefly. For more information about operations master 
roles, see Whistler Help and Support Services. To open Help and 
Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, and then click 
Help and Support.

Operations master roles are special roles assigned to one or more
domain controllers in an Active Directory domain. The domain
controllers assigned to these roles perform operations that are 
single-master (not permitted to occur at different places in a network 
at the same time). For example, the creation of security identifiers 
for new resources (such as new computers) must be overseen by a single
domain controller to ensure that the identifiers are unique.

The first domain controller installed in a domain is automatically
assigned all the operations master roles. You can change the
assignment of operations master roles after Setup, but in most cases
this will not be necessary. You will need to be particularly aware of
operations masters roles if problems develop on an operations master
or if you plan to take one out of service. For more information about
operations master roles, which are part of Active Directory, see
Whistler Help and Support Services. To open Help and Support Services, after completing Setup, click Start, and then click Help and Support.

13.2   Additional Information About Domains
======================================================================

For information about upgrading a Windows NT domain, see "Upgrading
an Existing Windows NT 4.0 Domain" earlier in this text file series.

For detailed information about domains, operations master roles, and
other domain-related topics, see Active Directory in Whistler Help and 
Support Services. To open Whistler Help and Support Services, after 
you install (or upgrade to) Whistler on your first server, click 
Start, and then click Help and Support.

For information about setting up multiple domains with structured
relationships, see the "Microsoft Windows 2000 Server Resource Kit, 
Deployment Planning Guide."

(continued in Server3.txt)
