




















[Files]
sbsi\pro\Silent.bat                 , sbsi\pro
sbsi\pro\Setup.exe                  , sbsi\pro
sbsi\pro\Readme.txt                 , sbsi\pro
sbsi\pro\setup\_user1.cab           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\_ISDel.exe           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\_INST32I.EX_         , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\_user1.hdr           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\_Setup.dll           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\_sys1.hdr            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\_sys1.cab            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\data1.hdr            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\lang.dat             , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\layout.bin           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\flash.exe            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\data1.cab            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\DATA.TAG             , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\setup.ins            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\second.iss           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\silent.iss           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\os.dat               , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\setup.lid            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\setup.bmp            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\SETUP.INI            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\Readme.txt           , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\Setup.exe            , sbsi\pro\setup
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L1Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L1Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L1Gr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L1Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L2Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L1Hr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L2Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L3Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L3Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L3Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L2Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L3Gr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L3Hr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U1L3Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L1Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L1Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L1Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L2Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L2Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L3Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L3Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L3Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L4Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L3Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L4Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L4Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L4Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L5Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L5Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U2L5Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L1Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L1Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L2Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L2Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L3Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L3Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L2Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L3Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U3L3Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L1Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L1Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L1Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L1Hr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L1Ir.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L2Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L2Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L2Gr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L2Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L3Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L4Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L1Cr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L1Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U4L4Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L2Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L2Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L1Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L3Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L4Dr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L4Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L3Er.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L4Gr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\wave\U5L4Fr.wav      , sbsi\pro\setup\wave
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L10_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L10_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L10_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L10_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L10_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L11_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L11_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L11_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L11_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L12_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L12_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L12_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L11_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L12_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L12_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L12_F.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_H.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_F.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_G.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L13_I.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L14_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L14_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L14_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L14_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L14_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L14_F.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L14_G.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L15_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L15_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L18_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L15_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L16_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L16_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L16_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L16_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L16_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L17_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L17_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L17_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L17_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L17_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L18_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L15_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L18_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L18_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L18_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L19_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L19_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L19_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L19_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L1_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L20_A.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L20_B.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L20_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L19_C.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L20_D.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L20_E.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L20_F.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L20_G.LDZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_F.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_G.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_H.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L3_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L3_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L3_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L3_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L3_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L2_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L5_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_G.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_H.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L5_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L5_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L5_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L4_F.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L5_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L5_F.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L6_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L6_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L6_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L6_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L6_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L6_F.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L7_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L7_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L9_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L7_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L7_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L7_F.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L8_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L8_B.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L8_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L8_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L8_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L8_F.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L9_A.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L7_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI04.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L9_D.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L9_E.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI01.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI02.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\L9_C.LDZ         , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI05.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI06.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI07.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI09.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI12.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI13.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI14.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI15.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI16.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI17.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI18.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI19.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI20.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\SHAMMI21.HLP     , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U0L1Aa.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U0L1Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Hr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Ir.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L2Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L2Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L2Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L2Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L2Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L1Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Hr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U1L3Ir.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L1Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L1Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L1Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L1Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L1Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L1Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L2Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L2Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L2Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L2Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L2Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L2Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L3Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L3Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L3Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L3Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L3Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L3Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L4Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L4Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L4Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L4Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L4Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L4Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L5Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L5Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L5Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L5Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U2L5Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L1Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L1Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L1Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L1Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L2Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L2Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L2Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L2Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L1Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L2Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L3Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L3Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L3Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L3Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L3Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U3L3Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Hr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Ir.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L1Jr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L3Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L2Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L2Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L2Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L2Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L2Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L2Hr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L3Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L3Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L2Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L3Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L4Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L4Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L4Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L4Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L1Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L1Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L1Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U4L4Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L1Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L1Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L2Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L2Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L2Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L2Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L2Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L3Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L3Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L4Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L3Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L3Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L4Ar.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L4Cr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L3Dr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L4Er.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L4Fr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L4Gr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\lib\U5L4Hr.swf       , sbsi\pro\setup\lib
sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge\LEARN32.DLL   , sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge\Syllabi2.cdx  , sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge\Syllabi2.dbf  , sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge\Syllabus.cdx  , sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge\Syllabus.dbf  , sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge\DBMerge.exe   , sbsi\pro\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L10_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L10_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L10_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L10_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L10_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L11_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L11_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L11_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L11_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L11_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L12_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L12_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L12_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L12_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L12_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L12_Fa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Fa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Ga.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Ha.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L13_Ia.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L14_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L14_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L14_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L14_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L14_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L14_Fa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L14_Ga.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L15_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L15_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L15_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L15_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L16_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L16_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L16_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L16_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L16_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L17_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L17_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L17_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L17_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L17_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L18_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L18_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L18_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L18_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L18_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L19_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L19_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L19_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L19_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L19_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L1_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L20_Aa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L20_Ba.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L20_Ca.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L20_Da.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L20_Ea.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L20_Fa.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L20_Ga.CBZ       , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Fa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Ga.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L2_Ha.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L3_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L3_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L3_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L3_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L3_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Fa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Ga.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L4_Ha.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L5_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L5_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L5_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L5_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L5_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L5_Fa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L6_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L6_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L6_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L6_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L6_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L6_Fa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L8_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L7_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L7_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L7_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L7_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L7_Fa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L8_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L8_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L7_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L8_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L8_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L8_Fa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L9_Aa.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L9_Ba.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L9_Ca.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L9_Da.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz
sbsi\pro\setup\cbz\L9_Ea.CBZ        , sbsi\pro\setup\cbz

sbsi\per\setup                      , sbsi\per
sbsi\per\Setup.exe                  , sbsi\per
sbsi\per\Readme.txt                 , sbsi\per
sbsi\per\Silent.bat                 , sbsi\per
sbsi\per\silent.iss                 , sbsi\per
sbsi\per\setup\wave                 , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\lib                  , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\cbz                  , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\DATA.TAG                 , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\_sys1.cab                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\_ISDel.exe                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\_user1.hdr                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\_user1.cab                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\_sys1.hdr                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\_INST32I.EX_                 , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\_Setup.dll                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\data1.hdr                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\data1.cab                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\layout.bin                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\lang.dat                 , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\flash.exe                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\setup.bmp                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\second.iss                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\Readme.txt                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\os.dat                   , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\setup.lid                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\setup.ins                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\SETUP.INI                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\Setup.exe                    , sbsi\per\setup
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L1De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L1Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L1Fe.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L1He.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L2Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L1Ge.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L2De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L3Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L3Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L2Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L3De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L3Fe.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L3Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L1Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L1Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L1De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U1L3Ge.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L1Ge.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L1Fe.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L2Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L2Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L2Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L3Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L3Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L2De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L3Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L4Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L3De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L4Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L5Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L5De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L4De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L1Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L1De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U2L5Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L3Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L3Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L3Fe.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L3De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L5Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L5Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L5Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L5De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L1Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L1Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L2Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L2Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L1Fe.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L2De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L3Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L3Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U4L3De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U5L1Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U5L1De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U5L1Be.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U5L2De.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U5L2Ce.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\wave\U3L1Ee.wav          , sbsi\per\setup\wave
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L10_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L10_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L10_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L10_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\fin_shot.swf         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L10_E.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L11_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L11_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L11_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L11_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L11_E.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L11_F.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L12_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L12_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L12_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L12_E.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L12_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L12_G.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L13_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L13_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L13_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L13_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L14_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L14_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L14_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L14_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L14_E.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L15_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L15_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L15_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L15_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L15_E.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L15_F.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L16_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L16_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L16_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L16_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L16_E.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L17_A.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L17_B.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L17_C.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L17_D.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L17_E.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L15_G.LDZ            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L1_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_F.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_G.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_H.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L2_I.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L3_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L3_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L3_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L3_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_F.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_G.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L4_H.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L3_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_G.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_F.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L5_H.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L6_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L6_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L6_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L6_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L6_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L6_F.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L7_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L7_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L7_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L7_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L7_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L7_F.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L8_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L8_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L8_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L8_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L8_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L9_A.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L9_B.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L9_C.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI02.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L9_E.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L9_F.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\record_1.swf         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L9_D.LDZ         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI04.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI05.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI06.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI07.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI09.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI12.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI13.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI14.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI15.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI19.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI20.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\SHAMMI21.HLP         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\shot01_1.swf         , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U0L1Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1Ge.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1He.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1Ie.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L2Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L2Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L2Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L2De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L2Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L1Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3Ge.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U1L3He.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1Ge.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L1He.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L2Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L2Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L2De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L2Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L2Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L2Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L3Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L3Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L3De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L3Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L3Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L4Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L3Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L4Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L4Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L4De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L4Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L5Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L5Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L5Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L5De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L5Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U2L5Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L1Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L1Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L1Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L1De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L1Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L3Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L3Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L3Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L3De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L3Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L3Ge.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L1Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L5Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L5Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L5Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L5De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L5Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L5Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L1Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L1Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L1De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L1Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L1Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L2Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L2Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L2Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L1Ge.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L2De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L2Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L3Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L3Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L3Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L3De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L3Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U4L3Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L1Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L1Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L1Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L1De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L1Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L2Ae.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L2Ce.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L2De.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L2Ee.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U5L2Be.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L10_F.ldz            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L13_E.ldz            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\L13_F.ldz            , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\lib\U3L1Fe.swf           , sbsi\per\setup\lib
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L10_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L10_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L10_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L10_Ea.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L10_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L11_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L11_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L11_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L11_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L11_Ea.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L11_Fa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L12_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L12_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L12_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L12_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L12_Ea.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L13_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L13_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L13_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L13_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L14_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L14_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L14_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L14_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L14_Ea.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L15_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L15_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L15_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L15_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L15_Ea.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L15_Fa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L16_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L16_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L16_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L16_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L16_Ea.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L17_Aa.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L17_Ba.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L17_Ca.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L17_Da.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L17_Ea.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L1_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Fa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Ga.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Ha.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L2_Ia.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L3_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L3_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L3_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L3_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L3_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Fa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Ga.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L4_Ha.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Fa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Ga.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L5_Ha.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L6_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L6_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L6_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L6_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L6_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L6_Fa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L7_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L7_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L7_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L7_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L7_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L7_Fa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L8_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L8_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L8_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L8_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L8_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L9_Aa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L9_Ba.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L9_Ca.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L9_Da.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L9_Ea.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L9_Fa.CBZ            , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L10_FA.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L13_EA.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\setup\cbz\L13_FA.CBZ           , sbsi\per\setup\cbz
sbsi\per\dbmerge\dbmerge.exe            , sbsi\per\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\per\dbmerge\learn32.dll            , sbsi\per\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\per\dbmerge\syllabi2.cdx           , sbsi\per\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\per\dbmerge\syllabi2.dbf           , sbsi\per\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\per\dbmerge\syllabus.cdx           , sbsi\per\setup\dbmerge
sbsi\per\dbmerge\syllabus.dbf           , sbsi\per\setup\dbmerge




[Strings]
lang=SWE
