8.3 filename    long filename   directory to install to         workstation/server      alpha/x86       always/optional
-------------   -------------   -----------------------         ------------------      ---------       ---------------
rsadmin.dll     none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            optional
rsadmin.msc     none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            optional
rscommon.dll    none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            optional
rsconn.dll      none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            optional
rseng.exe       none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rsengps.dll     none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            optional
rsfilter.sys    none            %systemroot%\system32\drivers   server only             both            optional
rsfsa.exe       none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rsfsaps.dll     none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            ALWAYS
rsidb.dll       none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rsjob.dll       none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            optional
rslaunch.exe    none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rsmover.dll     none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rsnotify.exe    none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            ALWAYS
rsoptcom.dll    none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            ALWAYS
rsoptcom.inf    none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            ALWAYS
rsoptwks.inf    none            %systemroot%\system32           worksatation only       both            ALWAYS
rsshell.dll     none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rssub.exe       none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rssubps.dll     none            %systemroot%\system32           BOTH                    both            optional
rstask.dll      none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
rstorage.inf    none            %systemroot%\inf                BOTH                    both            ALWAYS
rstore.exe      none            %systemroot%\system32           server only             both            optional
